EX-10 6 exhb10_2.txt 10.2 EXHIBIT 10.2 THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"). THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING SUCH SECURITIES AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE COMPANY THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY (A) TO THE COMPANY, (B) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (C) IF REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. IN ADDITION, A SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, A COPY OF WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE COMPANY AT ITS PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICE, CONTAINS CERTAIN ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PROVISIONS WHICH (A) LIMIT THE CONVERSION RIGHTS OF THE HOLDER, (B) SPECIFY VOLUNTARY AND MANDATORY REPAYMENT, PREPAYMENT AND REDEMPTION RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS AND (C) SPECIFY EVENTS OF DEFAULT FOLLOWING WHICH THE REMAINING BALANCE DUE AND OWING HEREUNDER MAY BE ACCELERATED. No. 1 $1,000,000 10% CONVERTIBLE NOTE of SmartServ Online, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with its successors, the "Company"), for value received hereby promises to pay to: GLOBAL CAPITAL FUNDING GROUP, L.P. (the "Holder") and registered assigns, the principal sum of One Million ($1,000,000) or, if less, the principal amount of this Note then outstanding, on the Maturity Date by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Holder in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment shall be legal tender for the payment of public and private debts, and to pay interest, which shall begin to accrue on the date of this Note, quarterly in arrears, on (i) the last day of March, June, September and December of each year until the Maturity Date, commencing March 31, 2003 (unless such day is not a Business Day, in which event on the next succeeding Business Day) (each an "Interest Payment Date"), (ii) the Maturity Date, (iii) each Conversion Date, as hereafter defined, and (iv) the date the principal amount of the Convertible Note shall be declared to be or shall automatically become due and payable, on the principal sum hereof outstanding in like coin or currency, at the rates per annum set forth below, from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid on this Convertible Note, or if no interest has been paid on this Convertible Note, from the date of this Convertible Note until payment in full of the principal sum hereof has been made. The Maturity Date is February 14, 2004. 1 The interest rate shall be ten percent (10%) per annum (the "Interest Rate") or, if less, the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. Past due amounts (including interest, to the extent permitted by law) will also accrue interest at the Interest Rate plus 2% per annum or, if less, the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, and will be payable on demand ("Default Interest"). Interest on this Convertible Note will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30 day months. All payments of principal and interest hereunder shall be made for the benefit of the Holder pursuant to the terms of the Agreement (hereafter defined). At the option of the Holder, interest may be paid in cash or in shares of Common Stock. On each Conversion Date, interest shall be paid in cash or shares of Common Stock on the portion of the principal balance of the Convertible Note then being converted. The number of shares of Common Stock issued as interest shall be determined by dividing the dollar amount of interest due on the applicable Interest Payment Date by the Conversion Price then in effect. This Convertible Note (this "Convertible Note") is one of a duly authorized issuance of $1,000,000 aggregate principal amount Convertible Note made by the Company referred to in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of the date hereof between the Company and the Purchaser named therein (the "Agreement"). The Agreement contains certain additional agreements among the parties with respect to the terms of this Convertible Note, including, without limitation, provisions which (A) limit the conversion rights of the Holder, (B) specify voluntary and mandatory redemption rights and obligations and (C) specify Events of Default following which the remaining balance due and owing hereunder may be accelerated. All such provisions are an integral part of this Convertible Note and are incorporated herein by reference. This Convertible Note is transferable and assignable to one or more Persons, in accordance with the limitations set forth in the Agreement. The Company shall keep a register (the "Register") in which shall be entered the names and addresses of the registered holder of this Convertible Note and particulars of this Convertible Note held by such holder and of all transfers of this Convertible Note. References to the Holder or "Holders" shall mean the Person listed in the Register as registered holder of such Convertible Notes. The ownership of this Convertible Note shall be proven by the Register. 1. CERTAIN TERMS DEFINED. All terms defined in the Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have for purposes hereof the meanings provided for in the Agreement. 2. COVENANTS. The Company covenants and agrees to observe and perform each of its covenants, obligations and undertakings contained in the Agreement, which obligations and undertakings are expressly assumed herein by the Company and made for the benefit of the holder hereof. 2 3. PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL. 3.1 PREPAYMENT OF NOTE. The Company may at its option, prepay up to $500,000 principal amount of this Convertible Note at any time following the date of issuance of this Convertible Note through the 90th day following the date of issuance for a prepayment price equal to the amount of principal being repaid plus all accrued and unpaid interest with respect thereto, regardless of whether the Convertible Note is in Default. At any time following (i) such 90-day period with respect to the first $500,000 principal amount of Convertible Note and (ii) the date of issuance o f this Convertible Note, with respect to the second $500,000 principal amount of the Convertible Note, and for so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing and the Company is not in receipt of a Notice of Conversion from the Holder of the Note, the Company may, at its option, prepay, in whole or in part, this Convertible Note for a pre-payment price (the "Prepayment Price") equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Note, plus all accrued and unpaid interest. The Company shall not be entitled to send any notice of prepayment and begin the prepayment procedure unless it has (i) the full amount of the Prepayment Price, in cash, available in a demand or other immediately available account in a bank or similar financial institution or (ii) immediately available credit facilities, in the full amount of the Prepayment Price, with a bank or similar financial institution on the date the prepayment notice is sent to the Holders of this Convertible Note. Provided, however, the Company will process any Notice of Conversion received prior to the issuance of a notice of prepayment or within seven days following the date of such notice; and further provided that, the Holder may issue a Notice of Conversion following such seven day period which notice will not be honored unless the Company fails to make the prepayment payment when due. In the event of such failure, the Notice of Conversion will be honored as of the date of the Notice of Conversion 3.2 PAYMENT ON MATURITY DATE. The Company shall repay the remaining unpaid balance of this Convertible Note on the Maturity Date. 4. CONVERSION. 4.1 CONVERSION OF CONVERTIBLE NOTE. Subject to Section 5 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, at its option, at any time from and after the date of issuance of this Convertible Note, to convert up to $500,000 the principal amount of this Convertible Note, or any portion of such principal amount, into that number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock (as such shares shall then be constituted) determined pursuant to this Section 4.1. The Holder shall have the right to convert the remaining $500,000 principal amount of this Convertible Note at any time following the 90th day following the date of issuance of this Convertible Note. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Convertible Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the Conversion Price in effect on the date (the "Conversion Date") a Notice of Conversion is delivered to the Company, as applicable, by the Holder by facsimile or other reasonable means of communication dispatched prior to 5:00 p.m., E.S.T. The term "Conversion Amount" means, with respect to any conversion of this Convertible Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Convertible Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Convertible Note to the Conversion Date plus (3) Default Interest, if any, on the interest referred to in the immediately preceding clause (2) plus (4) at the Holder's option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Section 4.3 hereof, Section 10.1 of the Agreement or Section 10.4 of the Agreement. 4.2 CONVERSION PRICE. At the option of the Holder, any portion or all of the outstanding principal amount of this Convertible Note shall be converted into a number of shares of Common Stock at the conversion price (the "Conversion Price") equal to $1.10. 4.3 AUTHORIZED SHARES. (a) Consistent with Section 7.11 of the Agreement, the Company (i) shall promptly irrevocably instruct the Company's transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Convertible Note and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Convertible Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Convertible Note. (b) If at any time a Holder of this Convertible Note submits a Notice of Conversion (x) the Company does not have sufficient authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock available to effect such conversion in full in accordance with the provisions of this Article 4 or (y) the Company is prohibited by the applicable rules of the Nasdaq Small Cap Market or the National Market on which the Common Shares are listed and traded at that time to effect such conversion in full as provided in subsection (d) below, without stockholder approval (each, a "Conversion Default"), the Company shall issue to the Holder all of the shares of Common Stock which are then available to effect such conversion. The portion of this Convertible Note which the Holder included in its Conversion Notice and which exceeds the amount which is then convertible into available shares of Common Stock (the "Excess Amount") shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, not be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof until (and at the Holder's option at any time after) the date additional shares of Common Stock are authorized by the Company, or its stockholders, as applicable. The Company shall pay to the Holder payments ("Conversion Default Payments") for a Conversion Default in the amount of (N/365) x .24 x the Excess Amount on the Conversion Date in respect of the Conversion Default (the "Conversion Default Date"), where N = the number of days from the Conversion Default Date to the date (the "Authorization Date") that the Company, or its stockholders, as applicable, authorizes a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to effect conversion of the full outstanding principal balance of this Convertible Note. The Company shall use its best efforts to authorize, or cause its stockholders to authorize within 60 days of the occurrence of a Conversion Default, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock as soon as practicable following the earlier of (i) such time that the Holder notifies the Company or that the Company otherwise becomes aware that there are 4 or likely will be insufficient shares to allow full conversion thereof and (ii) a Conversion Default. The Company shall send notice to the Holder of the authorization of additional shares of Common Stock, the Authorization Date and the amount of Holder's accrued Conversion Default Payments. The accrued Conversion Default Payments for each calendar month shall be paid in cash or shall be convertible into Common Stock (at such time as there are sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock) at the Market Price, at the Holder's option, as follows: (1) In the event the Holder elects to take such payment in cash, cash payment shall be made to Holder by the fifth Business Day of the month following the month in which it has accrued; and (2) In the event the Holder elects to take such payment in Common Stock, the Holder may convert such payment amount into Common Stock at the Market Price (as in effect at the time of conversion) at any time after the fifth Business Day of the month following the month in which it has accrued (at such time as there are sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock) in accordance with the terms of this Article 4. (c) The Holder's election pursuant to this Section 4.3 shall be made in writing to the Company at any time prior to 5:00 p.m., E.S.T., on the third Business Day of the month following the month in which Conversion Default payments have accrued. If no election is made, the Holder shall be deemed to have elected to receive cash. Nothing herein shall limit the Holder's right to pursue actual damages (to the extent in excess of the Conversion Default Payments) due to the Company's failure to maintain a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock. (d) In no event shall the Company issue more than the Maximum Number of Shares upon conversion of this Convertible Note, unless the Company shall have obtained approval by the stockholders of the Company ("Stockholder Approval") or a waiver of such requirement by the Nasdaq Small Cap Market or the National Market on which the Common Shares are listed and traded at that time. Once the Maximum Number of Shares has been issued (the date of which is hereinafter referred to as the "Maximum Conversion Date"), unless the Company shall have obtained Stockholder Approval or a waiver of such requirement by the Nasdaq Small Cap Market or the National Market on which the Common Shares are listed and traded at that time within 60 days of the Maximum Conversion Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder within five (5) Business Days of the expiration of such 60 day period, the Redemption Price plus accrued and unpaid Default Interest, if any. The Maximum Number of Shares shall be subject to adjustment from time to time for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, capital reorganizations and similar events relating to the Common Stock occurring after the date hereof as contemplated by Article XI of the Agreement. In the event that the Company obtains Stockholder Approval, approval of the Nasdaq Small Cap Market or the National Market on which the Common Shares are listed and traded at that time, or otherwise is able to increase the number of shares to be issued above the Maximum Number of Shares (such increased number being the "New Maximum Number of Shares"), the references to Maximum Number of Shares above shall be deemed to be, instead, references to the New Maximum Number of Shares. 5 4.4 METHOD OF CONVERSION. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Convertible Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Convertible Note to the Company unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Convertible Note is so converted. Rather, records showing the principal amount converted (or otherwise repaid) and the date of such conversion or repayment shall be maintained on a ledger substantially in the form of Annex A attached hereto (a copy of which shall be delivered to the Company or transfer agent with each Notice of Conversion). It is specifically contemplated that the Holder hereof shall act as the calculation agent for conversions and repayments. In the event of any dispute or discrepancies, such records maintained by the Holder shall be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error or failure of Holder to record the principal amount converted (or otherwise repaid) from time to time, in which events the record of the Company shall be controlling and determinative. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Convertible Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following a conversion of a portion of this Convertible Note, the principal amount represented by this Convertible Note will be the amount indicated on Annex A attached hereto (which may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof). (b) The Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Convertible Note in a name other than that of the Holder (or in street name), and the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder's account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid. (c) Subject to Section 5 hereof, upon receipt by the Company of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Convertible Note shall be deemed reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Company defaults on its obligations under this Article 4, all rights with respect to the portion of this Convertible Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. Subject to Section 5 hereof, 6 if the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Company's obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for shares of Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provisions thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Company to the Holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Company, and subject to Section 4.4(a) irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The date of receipt (including receipt via telecopy) of such Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as it is received before 5:00 p.m., E.S.T., on such date. (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior to the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this Convertible Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying the Company), the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Convertible Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Convertible Note and the Company shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Convertible Note to the holder or, if the Convertible Note has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Convertible Note not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and remedies including, without limitation, the right to receive Conversion Default Payments to the extent required thereby for such Conversion Default and any subsequent Conversion Default. (e) In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon conversion, provided the Company's transfer agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") Fast Automated Securities Transfer program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in Section 4.1 and in this Section 4.4, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission System. 5. REDEMPTION BY COMPANY. 5.1 MANDATORY REDEMPTION. Subject to the first sentence of Section 3.1 of this Convertible Debenture and in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company may be required under certain circumstances, to redeem in whole or in part, the remaining unpaid principal amount of this Convertible Note, for cash at a redemption price (the "Redemption Price") equal to the greater of (A) the applicable Prepayment Price and (B) (x) the number of shares of Common Stock into which this Convertible Note is then convertible, times (y) the average Closing Bid Price of Common Stock for the five (5) Trading Days as reported by Bloomberg L.P. immediately preceding the date that this Convertible Note is called for redemption, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 7 5.2 MECHANICS OF REDEMPTION. The Company shall effect each such redemption within 10 business days of receiving a notice to redeem by facsimile with a copy by either overnight or 2-day courier from the Holder of this Convertible Note. Such redemption notice shall indicate whether the Company is required to redeem all or part of such portion of the Convertible Note and the applicable Redemption Price. 5.3 PAYMENT OF REDEMPTION PRICE. The Redemption Price shall be paid to the Holder of this Convertible Note within 10 business days of the delivery of the notice of such redemption to such Holder. 6. SECURITY INTEREST. This Convertible Note is secured by certain assets of the Company pursuant to a Security Agreement dated the date hereof between the Company and Holder. 7. MISCELLANEOUS. This Convertible Note shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of Delaware, and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of said State. The parties hereto, including all guarantors or endorsers, hereby waive presentment, demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance and enforcement of this Convertible Note, except as specifically provided herein, and asset to extensions of the time of payment, or forbearance or other indulgence without notice. The Company hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the State of Delaware and any state court sitting in Delaware for purposes of all legal proceedings arising out of or relating to this Convertible Note. The Company irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. The Company hereby irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Convertible Note. The Holder of this Convertible Note by acceptance of this Convertible Note agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Convertible Note which are expressly binding on such Holder. SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 8 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed. Dated: February 14, 2003 SMARTSERV ONLINE, INC. By: ---------------------------- Name: ---------------------------- Title: ---------------------------- Convertible Debenture 3.doc ANNEX A CONVERSION AND REPAYMENT LEDGER ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ INTEREST CONVERTED OR PRINCIPAL CONVERTED NEW PRINCIPAL HOLDER DATE PRINCIPAL BALANCE PAID OR PAID BALANCE ISSUER INITIALS INITIALS ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ FULL NAME AND ADDRESS OF SUBSCRIBER FOR REGISTRATION PURPOSES: NAME: ADDRESS: TEL NO: FAX NO: CONTACT NAME: DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS (IF DIFFERENT FROM REGISTRATION NAME): NAME: ADDRESS: TEL NO: FAX NO: CONTACT NAME: SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: ----------------------------------------------------------- NOTICE OF CONVERSION (To be Executed by the Registered Holder in order to Convert the Convertible Note) The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to convert $________ of the principal balance of the Convertible Note into shares of Common Stock, ____ par value per share (the "Common Stock"), of SmartServ Online, Inc. (the "Company") according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any. The undersigned, as contemplated by Section 5.1 of the Securities Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Convertible Note was issued, hereby states that the representations and warranties of the undersigned set forth therein are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof (provided, the undersigned makes no representations concerning its investment intent with respect to the Common Stock received upon this conversion). Conversion calculations: ---------------------------------------- Date of Conversion ---------------------------------------- Applicable Conversion Price ---------------------------------------- Number of Shares ---------------------------------------- Name/Signature Address: ---------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------