EX-21 3 dex21.htm SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY Subsidiaries of the Company Exhibit 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY List of Subsidiaries Q.E.P. Co., Inc., a Delaware corporation, owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of stock/units of the following entities:   1. Roberts Consolidated Industries Inc., a Delaware corporation, which owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of stock units of the following entities:     (i) Roberts Japan KK (Inactive)     (ii) Roberts Company Canada Limited, a Canadian corporation     (iii) Roberts Holding International Inc., a Delaware corporation     (iv) Roberts Capitol, Inc., a Florida corporation   2. Q.E.P.-O’Tool, Inc., a California corporation   3. Boiardi Products Corporation, an Ohio corporation   4. Marion Tool Corporation (Inactive), an Indiana corporation, which owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of the following entity:     (i) Westpoint Foundry, Inc. (Inactive), an Indiana corporation   5. Q.E.P. Stone Holdings Inc., a Florida corporation   6. Q.E.P. Zocalis Holding L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, which owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of stock/units of the following entities     (i) Q.E.P. Zocalis Sri, an Argentinean entity   7. Q.E.P. Chile Limitada, a Chilean entity.   8. Q.E.P. AUST. PTY. LIMITED, an Australian entity, which owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of stock/units of the following entities:     (i) Q.E.P, CO. AUST. PTY. LIMITED, an Australian entity   9. Q.E.P. Holding B.V., a Holland entity, which owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of the following entity:     (i) Roberts Holland B.V., which owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of stock/units of the following entities:     (a) Roberts S.A.R.L., a French entity, which owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of the following entity:     (i) Roberts Distribution S.A.R.L., a French entity     (b) Roberts Germany GmbH, a German entity   10. Q.E.P. Co. New Zealand Limited, a New Zealand entity   11. Q.E.P. Co. U.K. Limited, a United Kingdom Company, which owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of the following entity:     (i) Vitrex Limited, a United Kingdom Company, which owns 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of the following entity:     (a) Roberts U.K., Limited, a United Kingdom entity   12. Roberts Mexicans, S.A. DE C.V., a Mexican entity   13. P.R.C.I. SA, a French entity