EX1A-5 VOTG TRST 7 ea142082ex5-1_rentberry.htm FORM OF 2020 SAFE NOTE AND VOTING AGREEMENT Exhibit 5.1   THIS INSTRUMENT AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUABLE PURSUANT HERETO HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “ SECURITIES ACT ”), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED IN THIS SAFE AND UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM.   RENTBERRY, INC.   SAFE   (Simple Agreement for Future Equity)   THIS CERTIFIES THAT in exchange for the payment by [INVESTOR NAME] , (the “ Investor ”) of [AMOUNT] (the “ Purchase Amount ”) on or about [EFFECTIVE DATE] , RENTBERRY, INC. , a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), issues to the Investor the right to certain shares of the Company’s Capital Stock, subject to the terms described below.   The “ Pre-Money Valuation Cap ” is $7,000,000.   The “ Discount Rate ” is 30%.   See Section 2 for certain additional defined terms.   1. Events   (a) Next Equity Financing . If there is a Next Equity Financing before the expiration or termination of this Safe, on the initial closing of such Next Equity Financing, this Safe will automatically convert into the number of shares of Safe Preferred Stock equal to the Purchase Amount divided by the Conversion Price.   In connection with the automatic conversion of this Safe into shares of Safe Preferred Stock, the Investor will execute and deliver to the Company all of the transaction documents related to the Next Equity Financing; provided, that such documents are the same documents to be entered into with the purchasers of Standard Preferred Stock, with appropriate variations for the Safe Preferred Stock if applicable, and provided further, that such documents have customary exceptions to any drag-along applicable to the Investor, including, without limitation, limited representations and warranties and limited liability and indemnification obligations on the part of the Investor.   (b) Liquidity Event . If there is a Liquidity Event before the termination of this Safe, the Investor will automatically receive, immediately prior to or concurrent with the consummation of such Liquidity Event, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price (the “ Liquidity Event Shares ”).   (c) Safe Expiration Conversion . If the Next Equity Financing Conversion has not occurred prior to December 31, 2020 (the “ Safe Expiration Date ”), the Investor will automatically receive, immediately prior to the Safe Expiration Date, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price (together with the Liquidity Event Shares, the “ Conversion Shares ”).   (d) Termination . This Safe will automatically terminate (without relieving the Company of any obligations arising from a prior breach of or non-compliance with this Safe) immediately following the issuance of Capital Stock to the Investor pursuant to the automatic conversion of this Safe under Section 1(a), Section 1(b), or Section 1(c).         2. Definitions   “ Capital Stock ” means the capital stock of the Company, including, without limitation, the “ Common Stock ” and the “ Preferred Stock .”   “ Change of Control ” means (i) a transaction or series of related transactions in which any “person” or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Company having the right to vote for the election of members of the Company’s board of directors, (ii) any reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company, other than a transaction or series of related transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction or series of related transactions retain, immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities of the Company or such other surviving or resulting entity or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.   “ Company Capitalization ” is calculated as of immediately prior to the Next Equity Financing and (without double-counting):   ● Includes all shares of Capital Stock issued and outstanding; ● Includes all Converting Securities; ● Includes all (i) issued and outstanding Options and (ii) Promised Options; ● Includes the Unissued Option Pool; and ● Excludes, notwithstanding the foregoing, any increases to the Unissued Option Pool (except to the extent necessary to cover Promised Options that exceed the Unissued Option Pool) in connection with the Next Equity Financing.   “ Conversion Price ” means the either: (1) the Safe Price or (2) the Discount Price, whichever calculation results in a greater number of shares of Safe Preferred Stock.   “ Converting Securities ” includes this Safe and other convertible securities issued by the Company, including but not limited to: (i) other Safes; (ii) convertible promissory notes and other convertible debt instruments; and (iii) convertible securities that have the right to convert into shares of Capital Stock.   “ Discount Price ” means the price per share of the Standard Preferred Stock sold in the Next Equity Financing multiplied by the difference between one and the decimal version of the Discount Rate.   “ Dissolution Event ” means (i) a voluntary termination of operations, (ii) a general assignment for the benefit of the Company’s creditors or (iii) any other liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company (excluding a Liquidity Event), whether voluntary or involuntary.   “ Initial Public Offering ” means the closing of the Company’s first firm commitment underwritten initial public offering of Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act.   “ Liquidity Capitalization ” is calculated as of immediately prior to the Liquidity Event (or, solely for purposes of determining the Liquidity Price in connection with a Safe Expiration Conversion, as of immediately prior to such Safe Expiration Conversion), and (without double- counting):   ● Includes all shares of Capital Stock issued and outstanding; ● Includes all (i) issued and outstanding Options and (ii) to the extent receiving Proceeds, Promised Options;   2     ● Includes all Converting Securities, other than any Safes and other convertible securities (including without limitation shares of Preferred Stock) where the holders of such securities are receiving cash-out amounts or liquidation preference payments in lieu of conversion amounts or similar “as-converted” payments; and ● Excludes the Unissued Option Pool.   “ Liquidity Event ” means a Change of Control or an Initial Public Offering.   “ Liquidity Price ” means the price per share equal to the Pre-Money Valuation Cap divided by the Liquidity Capitalization.   “ Next Equity Financing ” means a bona fide transaction or series of transactions with the principal purpose of raising capital, pursuant to which the Company issues and sells equity securities in a single transaction, or series of related transactions with aggregate Proceeds to the Company of at least $250,000, excluding Proceeds from the issuance of any simple agreements for future equity (including the Safes) and any convertible debt.   “ Options ” includes options, restricted stock awards or purchases, RSUs, SARs, warrants or similar securities, vested or unvested.   “ Proceeds ” means cash and other assets (including without limitation stock consideration) that are proceeds from the Liquidity Event and legally available for distribution.   “ Promised Options ” means promised but ungranted Options that are the greater of those (i) promised pursuant to agreements or understandings made prior to the execution of, or in connection with, the term sheet for the Next Equity Financing (or the initial closing of the Next Equity Financing, if there is no term sheet), or (ii) treated as outstanding Options in the calculation of the Standard Preferred Stock’s price per share.   “ Safe ” means an instrument containing a future right to shares of Capital Stock, similar in form and content to this instrument, purchased by investors for the purpose of funding the Company’s business operations. References to “this Safe” mean this specific instrument.   “ Safe Preferred Stock ” means the shares of the series of Preferred Stock, if any, issued to the Investor in the Next Equity Financing, having the identical rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions as the shares of Standard Preferred Stock, other than with respect to (i) the per share liquidation preference and conversion price for purposes of price-based antidilution protection and other adjustments, which will equal the Conversion Price and (ii) the basis for any dividend rights, which will be based on the Conversion Price.   “ Safe Price ” means the price per share equal to the Pre-Money Valuation Cap divided by the Company Capitalization.   “ Standard Preferred Stock ” means the shares of the series of Preferred Stock, if any, issued to the investors investing new money in the Company in connection with the initial closing of the Next Equity Financing.   “ Unissued Option Pool ” means all shares of Capital Stock that are reserved, available for future grant and not subject to any outstanding Options or Promised Options (but in the case of a Liquidity Event, only to the extent Proceeds are payable on such Promised Options) under any equity incentive or similar Company plan.   3     3. Company Representations   (a) The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation, and has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and carry on its business as now conducted.   (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Safe is within the power of the Company and has been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of the Company (subject to section 3(d)). This Safe constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity. To its knowledge, the Company is not in violation of (i) its current certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) any material statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or (iii) any material debt or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, where, in each case, such violation or default, individually, or together with all such violations or defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.   (c) The performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Safe do not and will not: (i) violate any material judgment, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company; (ii) result in the acceleration of any material debt or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien on any property, asset or revenue of the Company or the suspension, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license or authorization applicable to the Company, its business or operations.   (d) No consents or approvals are required in connection with the performance of this Safe, other than: (i) the Company’s corporate approvals; (ii) any qualifications or filings under applicable securities laws; and (iii) necessary corporate approvals for the authorization of Capital Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.   (e) To its knowledge, the Company owns or possesses (or can obtain on commercially reasonable terms) sufficient legal rights to all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, information, processes and other intellectual property rights necessary for its business as now conducted and as currently proposed to be conducted, without any conflict with, or infringement of the rights of, others.   4. Investor Representations and Covenants   (a) The Investor has full legal capacity, power and authority to execute and deliver this Safe and to perform its obligations hereunder. This Safe constitutes valid and binding obligation of the Investor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity.   (b) The Investor is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act, and acknowledges and agrees that if not an accredited investor at the time of a Next Equity Financing, the Company may void this Safe and return the Purchase Amount. The Investor agrees to furnish any additional information requested by the Company or any of its affiliates to assure compliance with applicable U.S. federal and state laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations, including, but not limited to, such representations as the Company may reasonably request or that may be necessary, if applicable, to comply with all applicable securities laws, in connection with the purchase and sale of this Safe and the issuance of the securities to be acquired by the Investor. The Investor has been advised that this Safe and the underlying securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities laws and, therefore, cannot be resold unless they are registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or unless an exemption from such registration requirements is available. The Investor is purchasing this Safe and the securities to be acquired by the Investor hereunder for its own account for investment, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof, and the Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the Investor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investment, is able to incur a complete loss of such investment without impairing the Investor’s financial condition and is able to bear the economic risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time.   4     (c) The Investor hereby represents that none of the “bad actor” disqualifying events described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act (a “ Disqualification Event ”) is applicable to the Investor or any of its “Rule 506(d) Related Parties”, except, if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is applicable. For purposes of this Safe, a “Rule 506(d) Related Party” shall mean with respect to any Investor any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, trust or any other entity that is a beneficial owner of the Investor’s securities for purposes of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act.   (d) If the Next Equity Financing Conversion has not occurred prior to December 31, 2020, and the Investor has received Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 1(c), then in the event of a Dissolution Event, Liquidity Event or a transaction or series of transactions with the principal purpose of raising capital (pursuant to which the Company issues and sells equity securities), the Investor agrees to vote in favor of such Dissolution Event, Liquidity Event or capital raising transaction so long as the Company’s board of directors has voted in favor of such event.   5. Miscellaneous   (a) Any provision of this Safe may be amended, waived or modified by written consent of the Company and either (i) the Investor or (ii) the majority-in-interest of all then-outstanding Safes with the same “Pre-Money Valuation Cap” and “Discount Rate” as this Safe (and Safes lacking one or both of such terms will be considered to be the same with respect to such term(s)), provided that with respect to clause (ii): (A) the Purchase Amount may not be amended, waived or modified in this manner, and (B) such amendment, waiver or modification treats all such holders in the same manner. “Majority-in-interest” refers to the holders of the applicable group of Safes whose Safes have a total Purchase Amount greater than 50% of the total Purchase Amount of all of such applicable group of Safes.   (b) Any notice required or permitted by this Safe will be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or by overnight courier or sent by email to the relevant address listed on the signature page, or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address listed on the signature page, as subsequently modified by written notice.   (c) The Investor is not entitled, as a holder of this Safe, to vote or be deemed a holder of Capital Stock for any purpose other than tax purposes, nor will anything in this Safe be construed to confer on the Investor, as such, any rights of a Company stockholder or rights to vote for the election of directors or on any matter submitted to Company stockholders, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action or to receive notice of meetings, until shares have been issued on the terms described in Section 1.   (d) Neither this Safe nor the rights in this Safe are transferable or assignable, by operation of law or otherwise, by either party without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however , that this Safe and/or its rights may be assigned without the Company’s consent by the Investor to any other entity who directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Investor, including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, officer or director of the Investor, or any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing which is controlled by one or more general partners or managing members of, or shares the same management company with, the Investor; and provided, further , that the Company may assign this Safe in whole, without the consent of the Investor, in connection with a reincorporation to change the Company’s domicile.   5     (e) In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Safe is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part or in any respect, or in the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Safe operate or would prospectively operate to invalidate this Safe, then and in any such event, such provision(s) only will be deemed null and void and will not affect any other provision of this Safe and the remaining provisions of this Safe will remain operative and in full force and effect and will not be affected, prejudiced, or disturbed thereby.   (f) All rights and obligations hereunder will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of such jurisdiction.   (g) The parties acknowledge and agree that for United States federal and state income tax purposes this Safe is, and at all times has been, intended to be characterized as stock, and more particularly as common stock for purposes of Sections 304, 305, 306, 354, 368, 1036 and 1202 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Accordingly, the parties agree to treat this Safe consistent with the foregoing intent for all United States federal and state income tax purposes (including, without limitation, on their respective tax returns or other informational statements).   ( Signature page follows )   6     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this agreement as of [EFFECTIVE DATE] .     COMPANY:       Rentberry, Inc.       Founder Signature       Name:  [Founder Name]         Title: [Founder Role]   Read and Approved (For IRA Use Only):   INVESTOR:           Investor Signature                         By:     By:               Name:  [INVESTOR NAME]             Title: [INVESTOR TITLE]   The Investor is an “accredited investor” as that term is defined in Regulation D promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act.   Please indicate Yes or No by checking the appropriate box:   ☐ Accredited   ☐ Not Accredited   SIGNATURE PAGE