EX-3.2 3 dex32.htm POST-IPO AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE REGISTRANT Post-IPO Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant Exhibit 3.2 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF NETSUITE INC. a Delaware corporation NetSuite Inc. (the “ Corporation ”), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, does hereby certify that: A. The name of the Corporation is NetSuite Inc. The Corporation’s original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on April 11, 2007. B. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “ DGCL ”), and has been duly approved by the written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL, and restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation. C. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation of this Corporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: ARTICLE I The name of this corporation is NetSuite Inc. ARTICLE II The address of the Corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. ARTICLE III The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL. ARTICLE IV This Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively, “ Common Stock ” and “ Preferred Stock .” The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 525,000,000. The total number of shares of Common Stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 500,000,000, with a par value of $0.01 per share. Subject to the rights of any holders of any series of Preferred Stock, each share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on each matter submitted to a vote at any meeting of stockholders. The total number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 25,000,000, with a par value of $0.01 per share. The Board of Directors is further authorized, subject to the limitations prescribed by law, by resolution or resolutions, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, and to fix the designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, including without limitation, authority to fix by resolution or resolutions the dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), redemption price or prices, and liquidation preferences of any such series, and the number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or any of the foregoing. The Board of Directors is further authorized to increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of any such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock, the number of which is fixed by it, subsequent to the issuance of shares then outstanding, subject to the powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof stated in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the resolution of the Board of Directors originally fixing the number of shares of such series. If the number of shares of any series is so decreased, then the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of such class then outstanding) by the vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, and no separate class vote of either the Common Stock or the Preferred Stock shall be required to effect any such amendment. ARTICLE V The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. ARTICLE VI 1. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon them by statute or by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation, the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation. 2. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation. The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the Board of Directors then in office shall be required in order for the Board of Directors to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporation’s Bylaws. The Corporation’s Bylaws may also be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the Bylaws. No Bylaw hereafter legally amended, altered or repealed shall invalidate any prior act of the directors or officers of the Corporation that would have been valid if such Bylaw had not been amended, altered or repealed. 3. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.   -2- 4. No stockholder shall be permitted to cumulate votes at any election of directors. 5. Subject to the rights of any holders of any series of Preferred Stock to act by written consent as specified in any duly authorized certificate of designation of any series of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and may not be effected by any action by written consent by such stockholders. 6. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors that constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be fixed exclusively in the manner designated in the Bylaws of the Corporation. 7. Effective upon the date of filing this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “ Effective Date ”), the directors of the Corporation shall be divided into three classes as nearly equal in size as is practicable, hereby designated Class I, Class II and Class III. The Board of Directors may assign members of the Board of Directors already in office to such classes at the time such classification becomes effective. The term of office of the initial Class I directors shall expire at the first regularly-scheduled annual meeting of the stockholders following the Effective Date, the term of office of the initial Class II directors shall expire at the second annual meeting of the stockholders following the Effective Date, and the term of office of the initial Class III directors shall expire at the third annual meeting of the stockholders following the Effective Date. At each annual meeting of stockholders, commencing with the first regularly-scheduled annual meeting of stockholders following the Effective Date, each of the successors elected to replace the directors of a Class whose term shall have expired at such annual meeting shall be elected to hold office until the third annual meeting next succeeding his or her election and until his or her respective successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. 8. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article VI, Section 8. ARTICLE VII 1. To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. 2. The Corporation shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any director or officer of the Corporation who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a “ Proceeding ”) by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with   -3- respect to employee benefit plans, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. The Corporation shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person only if the Proceeding was authorized by the Board. 3. The Corporation shall have the power to indemnify, to the extent permitted by the DGCL, as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended from time to time, any employee or agent of the Corporation who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. 4. Neither any amendment or repeal of any Section of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VII, in respect of any matter occurring, or any action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article VII, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision. ARTICLE VIII From and after the time at which the Board of Directors becomes classified pursuant to Article VI, Section 7, any director may be removed from the Board of Directors by the stockholders of the corporation only for cause, and in such case only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation then entitled to vote in the election of directors. Vacancies occurring on the Board of Directors for any reason and newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled solely by a vote of a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, at any meeting of the Board of Directors. A person so elected by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such director shall have been chosen and until his or her successor shall be duly elected and qualified. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. ARTICLE IX The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of Delaware and all rights conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to this reservation; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of the stock of this corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (66 2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend or repeal this Article IX, Article V, Article VI, Article VII or Article VIII.   -4- IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by the undersigned, a duly authorized officer of the Corporation, on                   , 2007.   By:       Zachary Nelson   President and Chief Executive Officer   -5-