part in accordance with the provisions of the definitive Warrant Instrument) (the “Genie Warrant”). This warrant shall be exercisable by Executive for a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.  The Genie Warrant shall not be entitled to any anti-dilution protection in respect of grants, issuances or sales of equity interests or interests convertible into or exchangeable for equity interests in Genie, other than stock splits, stock subdivisions, stock dividends and similar events.  “Genie” encompasses the Company’s current energy sector activities, which include the ESCO business and the oil shale exploration and development business in Colorado and Israel but may in the future include other energy sector businesses.  In the event, that prior to the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date, the Company completes any transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Genie to a Company-owned entity that is not Genie or a wholly-owned subsidiary of Genie, which transfer results in a material reduction in the fully diluted value of Executive’s securities in Genie as of the day immediately prior to the transfer, the Company shall provide that the Genie Warrant also entitle Executive to his pro rata share of the equity of that Company-controlled entity (or provide Executive with the equivalent value thereof in cash, securities or other rights as agreed upon by the Company and Executive).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive understands and agrees that nothing in this Agreement shall preclude, encumber or otherwise hinder the Company’s ability to sell the Company’s equity in Genie, including that the continuation of Executive’s service of Vice Chairman of the board of directors of Genie shall not be a condition of any such sale.  Executive acknowledges that IDT (directly or through other entities) may fund Genie’s operational needs and record inter-company indebtedness in respect of such funding, which indebtedness would be senior to any equity interests in Genie.   4.   Duties and Responsibilities.   (a)           Executive agrees and warrants that during the term of this Agreement, including but not limited to any period in which the Executive serves as the Vice Chairman of the Board and/or the Vice Chairman of the board of directors of Genie, and for so long as he continues to receive compensation pursuant to Paragraph 5 hereof, he shall act on behalf of the Company and Genie, at the direction of Chief Executive Officer Howard Jonas, or his successor, and shall use his best efforts in support of the business interests and needs of the Company and Genie.       2     (b)           Executive further agrees and warrants that the nature of his duties and responsibilities under this Paragraph shall require him to be available (and ready and willing upon Company request) to provide services to the Company and Genie for a combined minimum of ten (10) hours per week for a period of five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date, and for a minimum of five (5) hours per week for every year thereafter. 5.   Payments.   (a)           In further consideration of the promises and agreements contained herein, the Company shall pay to Executive on April 22, 2010, a payment of Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000).  On October 22, 2010 (the “Anniversary Date”), the Company shall pay to Executive a payment of Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000) (the “Anniversary Payment”). The Anniversary Payment shall continue to be made on each anniversary of the Anniversary Date throughout Executive’s life time, so long as Executive continues to be available to provide the services described in Paragraph 4(b). In the event of the Executive’s death, the Anniversary Payments will continue for an additional two (2) years, payable to Executive’s estate.  In the event that Executive suffers from a bona fide mental or physical disability that precludes him from performing the duties described in Paragraph 4(b), the Anniversary Payments shall continue through his natural life and for two years following his death.  In the event that Executive (i) voluntarily ceases to provide