erred Stock. The Series A Stock is convertible into shares of the Company’s Common Stock, $0.01 par value (the “Common Stock”), at the option of the holder at a price per share of $1.35, subject to adjustment for stock splits, combinations or similar events and subject to customary weighted average anti-dilution adjustments.      The terms of the Series A Exchange Agreement state that the Company shall issue and deliver to the Series A Holders, in exchange for the cancellation of the Series A Stock, 2,176,977 shares of Common Stock at an exchange price of $.75 per share. If, as a result of this exchange transaction, any Series A Holder or any of its affiliates, individually or in the aggregate, would beneficially own more than 9.99% of the Company’s issued and outstanding Common Stock (the “Threshold Amount”), the Series A Holder will receive Common Stock rounded to the nearest whole share, up to the Threshold Amount, and the remaining Common Stock would be exchanged for Series C Preferred Stock convertible into the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the difference between the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Series A Holder and the actual number of shares of Common Stock issued. The Series A Exchange Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, is incorporated herein by reference. After giving effect to the Series A Exchange Agreement, the Company does not have any shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.      On June 29, 2009, the Company also entered into an Exchange Agreement (the “Series A-1 Exchange Agreement”) with all of the holders of the Company’s Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively, the “Series A-1 Holders”). The Series A-1 Holders are the holders of an aggregate of 809,121 shares of the Company’s Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, including paid-in-kind dividends accrued through June 29, 2009 (the “Series A-1 Stock”), constituting all of the issued and outstanding Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series A-1 Stock is convertible into shares of Common Stock at the option of the holder at a price per share of $1.00, subject to adjustment for stock splits, combinations or similar events and subject to customary weighted average anti-dilution adjustments.      The terms of the Series A-1 Exchange Agreement state that the Company shall issue and deliver to the Series A-1 Holders, in exchange for the cancellation of the Series A-1 Stock, 1,078,828 shares of Common Stock at an exchange price of $.75 per share. If, as a result of this exchange transaction, any Series A-1 Holder or any of its affiliates, individually or in the aggregate, would beneficially own more than the Threshold Amount, the Series A-1 Holder will receive Common Stock rounded to the nearest whole share, up to the Threshold Amount, and the remaining Common Stock would be exchanged for Series C Preferred Stock convertible into the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the difference between the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Series A-1 Holder and the actual number of shares of Common Stock issued. The Series A-1 Exchange Agreement is substantially the same as the Series A Exchange Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. After giving effect to the Series A-1 Exchange Agreement, the Company does not have any shares of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.      Finally, on June 29, 2009, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement (the “Series A-2 Exchange Agreement”) with all of the holders of the Company’s Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock (collectively, the “Series A-2 Holders”). The Series A-2 Holders are the holders of an aggregate of 1,422,436 shares of the Company’s Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, including paid-in-kind dividends accrued through June 29, 2009 (the “Series A-2 Stock”), constituting all of the issued and outstanding Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series A-2 Stock is convertible into shares of Common Stock at the option of the holder at a price per share of $.50, subject to adjustment for stock splits, combin