e.   Interest Payments   The Note bears interest at 7% per annum. Interest on the Note is payable quarterly in cash.   Conversion of the Note   The holder of the Note may convert the Note into the Common Stock at any time or from time-to-time at the Conversion Price. The Note has a weighted average anti-dilution provision that would cause an adjustment to the Conversion Price and the number of shares issuable under the Note upon the occurrence of specified events.   Events of Default and Repurchase Rights   The Note becomes immediately exercisable in full upon the occurrence of certain specified “events of default.” Furthermore, the holder of the Note has the right to require Modtech to repurchase the Note in cash upon the occurrence of specified events, such as a change in control, while the Note is outstanding.   Restrictive Covenants and Financial Covenants   The Note contains restrictive covenants, including covenants that prohibit Modtech from incurring certain indebtedness, establishing certain liens on Modtech assets or issuing any variable priced securities. The terms of the Note require Modtech to maintain certain financial ratios on a quarterly basis. The covenants are substantially similar to the covenants contained in Modtech’s senior credit facility, but are more lenient than those contained in the senior credit facility.   Security Arrangements for the Note; Cash Balance Requirement   The Note is secured by a first priority, perfected security interest in certain cash collateral placed in a restricted, segregated collateral account. The amount of cash collateral required to be maintained in this account is $10 million. The cash collateral is not accessible for use by Modtech until such time as it is released. The cash held in the cash collateral account will be will be reduced as certain financial milestones are met and can be used, in part, to fund optional redemptions that may be exercised by the Note holder on June 30 of 2006, 2007 and 2008, or upon an “event of default” under the Note. The Note is also secured by a second priority security interest in the assets of Modtech, subordinated only to certain senior indebtedness of Modtech, including Modtech’s existing credit facility with Modtech’s senior lenders.   Right to Participate in Future Financings   The Investor has the right to participate in certain security offerings undertaken by Modtech within two years of the sale and issuance of the Securities. This participation right entitles Investor to collectively purchase up to two-thirds of the securities offered in such offerings.   Warrant   As part of the transaction, Modtech issued to Investor a five-year warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock exercisable for 8% of the shares underlying the Note. The exercise price of the Warrant will be equal to the Conversion Price. The Warrant may be exercised at any time after issuance and expires December 31, 2009. The Warrant has a weighted average anti-dilution provision that would cause an adjustment to the exercise price of, and number of shares issuable under, the Warrant upon the occurrence of specified events.   Shareholder Approval   Under the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 30, 2004 between the Company and the Investor, Modtech is required to seek shareholder approval of the issuance of the Securities and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of the Securities prior to August 15, 2005. The Company is prohibited from making any dilutive issuance, as defined in the the Note, prior to receiving the stockholder approval described above.   Registration Rights   In connection with the sale and issuance of the Securities, Modtech and the Investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 30, 2004, with respect to the Securities, pursuant to which Modtech agreed to prepare and file, within 30 days following the issuance of the Securities, a registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the 130% of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Note and the exercise of the Warrant.   Forbearance Agreement   Simultaneously with the Transaction, the Company entered into an Am