on delivery of a conversion notice at the fixed Conversion Price of $0.05 per share of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as set forth herein). The number of Common shares issuable equals (x) the Stated Value plus accrued and unpaid dividends divided by (y) the Conversion Price then in effect. (b) Anti-Dilution Adjustment. The Conversion Price is subject to broad-based weighted-average anti-dilution adjustment upon any dilutive issuance of equity securities (or securities convertible into equity) at a price below the then-current Conversion Price, calculated in accordance with the standard broad-based weighted-average formula set forth on Exhibit A hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, participation by any holder in any future pro-rata offering is entirely voluntary . Failure of any holder to purchase its pro-rata share in any such offering shall not result in any permanent waiver, forfeiture, or diminishment of such holder’s anti-dilution protection or any other rights, preferences, or privileges under this Certificate of Designation. Any anti-dilution adjustment otherwise triggered shall apply fully to all holders regardless of participation in any prior or concurrent re-up offering. (c) Standard adjustments apply for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, reclassifications, and similar events.   Section 7. Redemption upon Qualifying Transaction. Upon closing of a Qualifying Transaction, the Corporation may redeem all or any portion of the outstanding Series D Preferred Stock at 103% of the Stated Value per share redeemed plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Payment may be in cash or, at the Corporation’s election (subject to the Exchange Act and OTCQB rules), in registered Common Stock valued at the 10-trading-day VWAP preceding the redemption notice. Redemption must be completed within thirty (30) days.   Section 8. Voting Rights. Holders have no general voting rights except as required by the FBCA. Where entitled to vote, holders vote together with Common Stock on an as-converted basis.   Section 9. Protective Provisions. So long as any Series D Preferred Stock remains outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote or consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares: (a) amend the Articles of Incorporation or this Certificate of Designation in any manner adversely affecting the rights, preferences, or privileges of the Series D Preferred Stock; or (b) effect any Liquidation Event or Deemed Liquidation Event without first providing for full payment of the Liquidation Preference.     2     Section 10. Miscellaneous. This Certificate of Designation is governed by the laws of the State of Florida. All notices shall be in writing. The Corporation shall reserve sufficient authorized Common Stock for issuance upon conversion. This Certificate of Designation constitutes an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation under FBCA § 607.0602.   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Designation to be signed by its duly authorized officer this 14th day of April, 2026.     VISIUM TECHNOLOGIES, INC.         By: /s/ Mark Lucky      Name: Mark Lucky       Title: Chief Executive Officer               3