vent that the Company raises capital in the amount of $2,000,000 or more at anytime after the final closing of the Offering, and prior to the six month period after the effectiveness of the registration statement described herein, at a price that is greater than $1.10 per share, the above described anti-dilution rights of Investors will cease to exist. Each of the Class A Warrants and the Class B Warrants are subject to redemption by the Company upon 20 days prior written notice provided: (i) the Common Stock has traded at or above 200% of the applicable exercise price of each Warrant during the 15 consecutive trading days prior to a written notice of redemption by the Company; (ii) there is an effective registration statement covering the shares underlying the Warrants at the time of redemption; (iii) the Common Stock has traded an average of 100,000 shares per day. The redemption price shall be $0.01 per Warrant. All holders of Warrants will have the opportunity to exercise any such Warrant prior to the date of redemption.   Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities See Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, which Item is incorporated herein by this reference, for a description of the terms of the financing transaction that included the issuance of Common Stock and Warrants. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.   Not Applicable. This Current Report on Form 8-K may contain, among other things, certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation, (i) statements with respect to the Company’s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions; and (ii) other statements identified by words such as “may”, “could”, “would”, “should”, “believes”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “estimates”, “intends”, “plans” or similar expressions. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the Company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based on various factors (many of which are beyond the Company’s control).         SIGNATURES   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.           SHUMATE INDUSTRIES, INC.             Date: November 3, 2006 By:   /s/ Matthew C. Flemming   Matthew C. Flemming, Chief Financial Officer