rtificate of Designation”), after stockholder approval, each share of Series C Stock will be convertible automatically into shares of Common Stock at an initial conversion price of $7.00 per share of Common Stock. The conversion price of the Series C Stock is subject to broad-based weighted-average anti-dilution adjustment in the event the Company issues securities, other than certain excepted issuances and subject to certain limitations, at a price below the then current conversion price.   The Series C Stock is not entitled to a liquidation or dividend preference. Beginning on January 1, 2014, the Series C Stock is entitled to 10% accruing dividends per annum. The dividends are payable quarterly in cash, beginning on March 31, 2014. Beginning on May 31, 2014, the shares of Series C Stock shall be redeemed by the Company upon the request of the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Series C Stock, to the extent funds are legally available for such redemption. The redemption price shall equal a price per share of Series C Stock equal to the then current conversion price, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends up to, but not including, the redemption date.   The holders of Series C Stock have the right to vote together with the holders of the Company’s Common Stock as a single class on any matter on which the holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote, except that the holders of Series C Stock are not eligible to vote their shares of Series C Stock on the proposal to be submitted to the Company’s stockholders for approval of the issuance and sale of the securities in the Financing and the conversion of the Series C Stock. Holders of Series C Stock are entitled to cast a fraction of one vote for each share of Common Stock that would be issuable to such holder on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at a conversion rate the numerator of which is $7.00 (as may be adjusted for any subdivision by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, scheme, arrangement or similar event occurring prior to such record date) and the denominator of which is the closing bid price per share of the Common Stock on the May 31, 2013, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets.   Warrants   In addition to the issuance of the Common Shares and Series C Stock, at the First Closing the Company issued to each Outside Investor a Series A Warrant to purchase Common Stock (the “Series A Warrants”), initially exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 50% of the number of Common Shares and shares of Common Stock underlying the Series C Stock acquired by each such Outside Investor. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Company will issue Series B Warrants to purchase Common Stock (the “Series B Warrants” and, together with the Series A Warrants, the “Warrants”) to the Management and Director Investors at the Second Closing, initially exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 50% of the number of Common Shares acquired by each such Management and Director Investor. The exercise price of the Warrants is $8.75 per share. The Warrants have a five-year term, are not exercisable for the first six months following the date of issuance and include a cashless exercise provision which is only applicable if the Common Stock underlying the Warrants (the “Warrant Shares”) is not subject to an effective registration statement or otherwise cannot be sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144. The number of Warrant Shares and the exercise price for each Warrant are subject to broad-based weighted-average anti-dilution adjustment in the event the Company issues securities, other than certain excepted issuances, at a price below the then current exercise price, subject to certain limitations. .           In connection with the Financing, the Company will issue to Lake Street Capital Markets, LLC, who served as the placement agent in the Financing, warrants to purchase an aggregate of 27,263 shares of Common Stock, which represents 3% of the total number of Common Shares and shares of Series C Stock sold in the Financing.   Registration Rights Agreement   The