herewith. In connection with the Investment, the Company and Investor also entered into an Investor Rights Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 (the “IR Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company granted Investor certain rights, including those set forth below. · Investor received anti-dilution protection, effective during the eighteen months following the date of the IR Agreement, in respect of the Shares.  Under the anti-dilution provisions, unless waived by Investor, issuances or deemed issuances of Common Stock with an effective price that is less than $1.036 (as adjusted), would result in the issuance of additional shares of Common Stock, determined on a full ratchet basis, to Investor.       · Investor also received, subject to certain limitations, demand registration rights and unlimited piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Shares and any shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option.  The registration rights terminate when all of the Shares and any shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without restriction or limitation, or, if earlier, on the fifth anniversary of the date of the IR Agreement. · The Company granted Investor the right to purchase, at its discretion, up to an additional $4,000,000 of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $1.036 per share (the “Option”).  The Option may be exercised at any time or from time to time by Investor commencing on August 5, 2010 and ending at 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the second anniversary of such date.  The exercise price of the Option is subject to adjustment for stock splits or combinations; dividends or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock; reclassifications, exchanges or substitutions; and reorganizations, mergers, consolidations or sales of assets.  The exercise price of the Option is also subject to adjustment, on a full ratchet basis, for issuances or deemed issuances of Common Stock with an effective price that is less than the Option exercise price then in effect. · Investor also has the right to receive certain financial information of the Company and notice of the receipt by the Company of bona fide takeover proposals involving the Company, and the right to make periodic inspections of the Company’s books and facilities. The Company also entered into a Voting Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3(the “Voting Agreement”), with Investor and certain of the Company’s stockholders.  Under the Voting Agreement, Investor was granted the right to appoint a board observer to attend meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors in a nonvoting observer capacity.  Investor also was granted the right, at its discretion, to designate a member of the Company’s Board of Directors, and the stockholders who are party to the Voting Agreement agreed, in the event of any such designation, to vote their shares of Company stock to elect Investor’s designee.  Such stockholders also agreed that, at Investor’s request, they would not sell their shares of the Company’s stock for up to 180 days following the effective date of a final prospectus covering the resale of Company stock by Investor.  The Voting Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (i) a change in control of the Company, (ii) Investor owning less than 1% of the fully-diluted outstanding shares of the Common Stock, and (iii) the approval by Investor and at least 50% of the stockholders that are party thereto. Concurrent with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company and Investor also amended their existing Strategic Supplier Master Procurement Agreement (the “Reseller Agreement”).  The Reseller Agreement, dated July 17, 2009, covers the manufacture and sale by the Company to Investor, and the purchase and resale by Investor, of specified scanning products.  The original Reseller Agreement had a three-year term, which automatically renewed unless either party gave at least 180 days’ prior written notice.  The amendment extends the current term to August 6, 2014, and provides, subject to certain exceptions, that the Company will not sell, directly or indirectly, any produ