erred Stock are convertible at the option of the Buyers into shares of Common Stock, and are initially convertible into shares of Common Stock at an initial conversion price of $24.00 per share (the “Initial Conversion Price”). The Initial Conversion Price is subject to broad-based weighted average anti-dilution adjustment to account for certain issuances of securities at a purchase price less than the conversion price then in effect. In addition, the Initial Conversion Price is subject to certain price-based adjustments pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Certificate of Designation”). The exercise price of the Warrants is subject to broad-based weighted average anti-dilution adjustment to account for certain issuances of securities at a purchase price less than the exercise price with respect to the Warrants then in effect.   The shares of Series C Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of Common Stock at the then-applicable conversion price on the date 60 days after the effective date of the Registration Statement (the “Effective Date”), subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions described in the Certificate of Designation (the “Automatic Conversion”). The shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of Common Stock at the option of the Buyers at any time prior to the Automatic Conversion.   In the event that the Company is required to issue more than an aggregate of 833,333 shares of Common Stock (the “Company Limit”) to effect the conversion of the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, Mr. Kraig Higginson, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, has agreed to transfer to the Company up to an aggregate of 2 million shares of Common Stock in excess of the Company Limit. In the event that the conversion of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock results in the issuance by the Company of more than an aggregate of 2,833,333 shares of Common Stock (the “Aggregate Limit”), the Company is required to redeem out of legally available funds such shares of Common Stock issued by the Company in excess of the Aggregate Limit at the then-applicable conversion price.   The Company has the obligation to file a registration statement for the registration of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Series C Preferred Stock and the Warrants (the “Registration Statement”) pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Registration Rights Agreement dated April 4, 2005 (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) between the Company and the Buyers. In the event that the shares of Series C Preferred Stock are not registered in a timely manner or the Registration Statement is not available in accordance with the requirements under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company is required to pay damages to the Buyers of 0.67% per month of the aggregate amount invested.   The foregoing descriptions of the Purchase Agreement, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Certificate of Designation and the transactions contemplated thereby do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Purchase Agreement, the Form of Warrant, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Certificate of Designation, copies of which are filed as exhibits hereto and are hereby incorporated herein by reference.   The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement are expected to close on April 8, 2005, subject to customary closing conditions.   2 Item 2.03.    Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.   The shares of Series C Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Certificate of Designation. In the event that the conversion of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock results in the issuance by the Company of more than an aggregate of 2,833,333 shares of Common Stock, the Company has agreed to redeem out of legally available funds such shares of Common Stock issued by the Company in excess of 2,833,333 shares at the then applicable con