f common stock on the Company’s common stock, (3) issuances of rights or warrants to purchase common stock at less than the current market price, and (4) certain distributions or dividends of capital stock, indebtedness, cash or assets.  In addition, the Note contains a broad-based weighted average anti-dilution provision pursuant to which the conversion price of the Note is subject to adjustment in the event that the Company issues shares of its common stock or securities convertible into common stock for a price per share less than the then effective conversion price of the Note.  The Note further provides that unless and until the Company receives any necessary stockholder approval, no anti-dilution adjustment shall cause the conversion price to be less than $0.35 (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, reclassifications or similar events).   With certain exceptions, the payment rights of the holder of the Note are subordinated to the payment rights of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the “Bank”) under the Company’s Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility with the Bank dated as of December 22, 2009, as amended, and, with one exception, the lien granted to the Purchaser is subordinated in priority to the lien granted to the Bank.  In connection with the issuance of the Note, the Company entered into amendments to the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility Promissory Note and the Fourth Amended and Restated Security Agreement with the Bank to permit the grant of a security interest to the Purchaser of the Note and to allocate specific assets of the Company solely to secure the Company’s obligations under the Note.  The Note and the Security Agreement include restrictions on the Company’s ability to grant additional security interests in its tangible and intangible assets for borrowed money, with the maximum secured debt senior to the Note set at $8,000,000 and the maximum for additional secured debt on par with or subordinated to the Note set at $1,000,000.   As the only purchaser acquiring the Note, director Gerald Burnett will be entitled to purchase up to his pro rata share of equity or convertible securities issued by the Company in future financings closing on or prior to March 29, 2013.  The Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement was offered and sold to the Purchaser without being registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), in reliance on applicable exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Subject to certain exceptions and limitations, the Company has agreed to register the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note in the event that the Company elects to register shares for its own account or for the account of other stockholders under the Securities Act prior to March 29, 2013.       -1-     The Purchase Agreement and the Security Agreement contain customary events of default that include, among other things, non-payment defaults, covenant defaults, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, cross-defaults to other indebtedness and bankruptcy and insolvency defaults.  The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the Company’s obligations under the Note.  The Note further provides that if any amount of principal, other than interest, on the Note which is not paid when due will result in a late charge being incurred and payable by the Company in an amount equal to interest on such amount at the rate of twelve (12%) percent per annum from the date such amount was due until the same is paid in full.   The transaction described herein was approved by a special committee of the board comprising of three independent directors who did not participate in the financing.   The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Note for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes.   The foregoing description of the Note, the Purchase Agreement, the Security Agreement and the amendments to the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility  and the Fourth Amended and Restated Security Agreement with the Bank does not purport to 