EX-4.4 8 v108798_ex4-4.htm EXHIBIT 4.4 ANTI-DILUTION AGREEMENT ANTI-DILUTION AGREEMENT, dated March 28, 2008, among Travel Hunt Holdings, Inc., a Delaware Corporation (the “Company”), and Fountainhead Capital Management Limited (“Fountainhead”). The Company and Fountainhead are each referred to herein as a “Party,” and are collectively referred to herein as the “Parties”. BACKGROUND Fountainhead is the controlling stockholder of the Company. The Company is a publicly-traded shell company whose common stock is quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board. The Parties desire to effectuate a reverse acquisition transaction (the “Reverse Merger”) whereby the Company will issue to the shareholder of Willsky Development Limited, a British Virgin Islands corporation (“Willsky”), 94,908,650 shares of its common stock in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Willsky. Willsky owns all of the equity of Tianjin SingOcean Public Utility Development Co., Ltd. (“SingOcean”). SingOcean is a vertically integrated natural gas company engaged in the development of natural gas distribution networks, the distribution of natural gas to residential and industrial customers in small and medium sized cities in China and the exploration and recovery of natural gas reserves. In addition, concurrently with the Reverse Merger, Fountainhead will surrender to the Company 1,700,000 shares of the common stock of the Company for cancellation in exchange for $561,000 payable through the delivery of a six month Convertible Promissory Note (the “Note”). After redemption of the 1,700,000 shares by the Company, Fountainhead would retain 4,250,000 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Fountainhead Shares”). The Parties originally contemplated that the Company would sell securities for gross proceeds of at least $8,000,000 in a private placement (a “PIPE,” it being understood that for purposes of this Agreement, “PIPE” means a private placement with gross proceeds of at least $8,000,000) simultaneously with the closing of the Reverse Merger. The Parties understood that the PIPE would occur at a valuation such that the Fountainhead Shares would have a value (valued at the valuation used for the PIPE) equal to $637,500 (the “Aggregate Fountainhead Share Target”). The Company desires to close the Reverse Merger without simultaneously closing the PIPE. Fountainhead is willing to permit the Company to close the Reverse Merger without simultaneously closing the PIPE so long as there is an adjustment in the number of Fountainhead Shares if the PIPE closes at a valuation (the “PIPE Valuation”) that results in the Fountainhead Shares not meeting the Aggregate Fountainhead Share Target. If the PIPE Valuation results in the Fountainhead Shares having a value that is less than the Aggregate Fountainhead Share Target, then the Company will issue to Fountainhead a number of shares of its Common Stock held by the Company such that the Fountainhead Shares plus the additional shares issued by the Company will have a value equal to the Aggregate Fountainhead Share Target. If, on the other hand, the PIPE Valuation results in the Fountainhead Shares being equal to more than the Aggregate Fountainhead Share Target, then Fountainhead will surrender to the Company for cancellation a number of Fountainhead Shares such that the remaining Fountainhead Shares retained by Fountainhead (the “Retained Fountainhead Shares”) have a value that is equal to the Aggregate Fountainhead Share Target.         As a condition to consummating the Reverse Merger, the Parties are entering into this Agreement to govern the anti-dilution adjustment described above that may be required upon the consummation of the PIPE. AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, for the mutual promises herein contained and for such other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, inten