by the Company, the Company is entitled to treat the Aggregate Purchase Price received as an interest free loan to the Company until such time as the Subscription is accepted.   (d)            Acknowledgments .    The Subscriber understands that the Securities are offered by the Company without any anti-dilution protection, including “Most Favored Nation” provisions, and further understands and agrees that its signature hereto will constitute a surrender of all previous anti-dilution protection that may have been granted to it by the Company, which protective provisions will cease and be null and void upon its execution and the Company’s acceptance of this Agreement.     4   3.           THE SUBSCRIBER’S REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS   The Subscriber hereby acknowledges, agrees with and represents, warrants and covenants to the Company, as follows:   (a)           The Subscriber has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement, the execution and delivery of which has been duly authorized, if applicable, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Subscriber, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of rights of creditors, and except as enforceability of the obligations hereunder are subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or law).   (b)           The Subscriber acknowledges its understanding that the Offering and sale of the Securities is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), by virtue of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and the provisions of Regulation D promulgated thereunder (“ Regulation D ”).  In furtherance thereof, the Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company and its affiliates as follows:   (i)           The Subscriber realizes that the basis for the exemption from registration may not be available if, notwithstanding the Subscriber’s representations contained herein, the Subscriber is merely acquiring the Securities for a fixed or determinable period in the future, or for a market rise, or for sale if the market does not rise. The Subscriber does not have any such intention.   (ii)           The Subscriber realizes that the basis for exemption would not be available if the Offering is part of a plan or scheme to evade registration provisions of the Securities Act or any applicable state or federal securities laws.   (iii)           The Subscriber is acquiring the Securities solely for the Subscriber’s own beneficial account, for investment purposes, and not with a view towards, or resale in connection with, any distribution of the Securities.   (iv)           The Subscriber has the financial ability to bear the economic risk of the Subscriber’s investment, has adequate means for providing for its current needs and contingencies, and has no need for liquidity with respect to an investment in the Company.   (v)           The Subscriber and the Subscriber’s attorney, accountant, purchaser representative and/or tax advisor, if any (collectively, the “ Advisors ”) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of a prospective investment in the Securities. If other than an individual, the Subscriber also represents it has not been organized solely for the purpose of acquiring the Securities.   (vi)           The Subscriber (together with its Advisors, if any) has received all documents requested by the Subscriber, if any, has carefully reviewed them and understands the information contained therein, prior to the execution of this Agreement.   (c)           The Subscriber is not relying on the Company or any of its employees, agents, sub-agents or advisors with respect to the legal, tax, economic and related considerations involved in this investment. The Subscriber has relied on the advice of, or has consulted with, only its Advisors. Each Advisor, if any, has disclosed to the Subscriber in writing (a copy of whic