n business days prior to the maturity date, the Company shall pay a premium equal to the greater of (i) 4% of the outstanding principal amount of the B3D Note that is prepaid or (ii) the Black Scholes value of the outstanding principal amount that is prepaid.   The terms of the B3D Note provide for anti-dilution protection for issuances of Common Stock at a price per share less than the price equal to the conversion price. In the event of a “fundamental transaction” as defined in the B3D Note, upon any subsequent conversion of the B3D Note, B3D has the right to receive, for each share of Common Stock that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such fundamental transaction, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration receivable as a result of such fundamental transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which the B3D Note is convertible immediately prior to such fundamental transaction.   The B3D Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the B3D Note (the “Underlying B3D Shares”) were issued and sold in reliance upon the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. B3D acquired the securities for investment and acknowledged that it is an accredited investor as defined by Rule 501 under the Securities Act. Certain of the Underlying B3D Shares have been registered for resale by B3D pursuant to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-233419), which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 12, 2019.   The foregoing descriptions of the Credit Agreement Amendment and B3D Note do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of such documents, which are attached as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.         Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.   The information set forth above under Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.   Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.   The information set forth above under Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.   Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.   The information set forth above under Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.   Item 8.01. Other Events.   Certain of the Company’s currently outstanding warrants feature full-ratchet anti-dilution protective provisions. Subject to limited exceptions, in the event that the Company issues Common Stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock) at a price per share that is lower than the exercise price then in effect for such warrants, the full-ratchet anti-dilution protective provisions result in a reduction in the exercise price of the warrants to such lower price and an increase in the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such warrants. In addition, certain of the Company’s currently outstanding securities feature anti-dilution price protection provisions which would result in a reduction in the exercise price or conversion price, as the case may be, of such securities to such lower price.   In connection with the B3D Transaction described under Item 1.01 hereto, the full-ratchet anti-dilution protective provisions contained in the following outstanding warrants will be triggered and the anti-dilution price protection in the following outstanding securities will be triggered. In addition, the instruments described below will continue to feature such full-ratchet anti-dilution protective provisions and anti-dilution price protection, as the case may be, which could be triggered again in connection with future issuances by the Company, resulting in further exercise price re