ock transfer agent as specified in a writing from the Company to the Escrow Agent. The Make Good Pledgor understands and agrees that the Investors’ right to receive 2010 Make Good Shares and 2011 Make Good Shares (each as defined below) pursuant to this Make Good Agreement, and its right to receive Anti-dilution Shares, shall continue to run to the benefit of each Investor even if such Investor shall have transferred or sold all or any portion of the Shares it acquired under the Securities Purchase Agreement, and that each Investor shall have the right to assign its rights to receive all or any such 2010 Make Good Shares, 2011 Make Good Shares, and Anti-dilution Shares, to other Persons in conjunction with negotiated sales or transfers of any of its Shares (it being understood that such assignment will occur automatically in connection with any such transfer unless the transferor and transferee agree in writing otherwise). The Make Good Pledgor hereby irrevocably agrees that, other than in accordance with this Make Good Agreement, the Make Good Pledgor will not offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or announce the offering of any of the Escrow Shares (including any securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, or representing the rights to receive Escrow Shares). In furtherance thereof, the Company will (x) place a stop order on all Escrow Shares which shall expire on the date the Escrow Shares are delivered to the Investors or returned to the Make Good Pledgor, (y) notify the Transfer Agent in writing of the stop order and the restrictions on such Escrow Shares under this Make Good Agreement and direct the Transfer Agent not to process any attempts by any Make Good Pledgor to resell or transfer any Escrow Shares before the date the Escrow Shares that should be delivered to the Investors are delivered to the Investors or returned to the Make Good Pledgor, or otherwise in violation of this Make Good Agreement. The Company shall notify the Investors as soon as the 2010 Make Good Shares and 2011 Make Good Shares have been deposited with the Escrow Agent. Following delivery by the Make Good Pledgor of the Escrow Shares, the Make Good Pledgor shall not be required to deliver any additional securities or other property to the Escrow Agent or the Investors under any circumstances unless the Make Good Pledgor otherwise agrees in a separate written instrument. 3. Representations of Make Good Pledgor. The Make Good Pledgor (as to itself and its Escrowed Shares) hereby represents and warrants to the Investors as follows: (i) All of the Escrow Shares are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Company, and free and clear of all Liens. Upon any transfer of Escrow Shares to Investors hereunder, Investors will receive full right, title and authority to such shares as holders of Common Stock of the Company free and clear of all liens other than those imposed by US Federal Securities laws. (ii) Performance of this Make Good Agreement and compliance with the provisions hereof will not violate any provision of any applicable law and will not conflict with or result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Make Good Pledgor pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument binding upon Make Good Pledgor or such properties or assets, other than such breaches, defaults or Liens which would not have a material adverse effect taken as a whole. 2 (iii) The Make Good Pledgor has carefully considered and understands its obligations and rights under this Make Good Agreement, and in furtherance thereof (x) has consulted with its legal and other advisors with respect thereto and (y) hereby forever waives and agrees that it may not assert any equitable defenses in any Proceeding involving the Escrow Shares. 4. Disbursement of Escrow Shares. a. In the eve