ndatory redemption would be made by the Company out of funds legally available therefor to the extent of 100% of the amount of the Released Escrow Funds that are released at that time (each, a “ Mandatory Redemption ”). Each Mandatory Redemption would be applied pro rata among all Series A Holders. Anti-Dilution     •   Currently, if, during the two-year period ending on February 9, 2013, the Company issues any equity securities with a Common Stock equivalent purchase price of less than the then-applicable per-share conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock (currently $1.00 per share), the conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock will be decreased to such effective price (the “ Full-Ratchet Anti-Dilution Provision ”). In addition, currently, the foregoing anti-dilution protection becomes a “weighted average” anti-dilution provision following such two-year period. As part of the Restructuring, the Full-Ratchet Anti-Dilution Provision would be eliminated and “weighted average” anti-dilution protection would be in effect. In addition, the Company’s issuance of the Dividend Common Shares and the Liquidation Adjustment Common Shares in connection with the Restructuring would be treated as excluded issuances, which would not result in any adjustment to the conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock. Proposed Amendments to the Series A Warrants In connection with the proposed Restructuring, the terms of the Series A Warrants would be amended as follows: Anti-Dilution     •   Currently, the Series A Warrants contain a Full-Ratchet Anti-Dilution Provision for a two-year period following their date of issuance, with respect to any issuances by the Company of any equity securities with a Common Stock equivalent purchase price of less than the then-applicable per-share exercise price of the Series A Warrants (currently $2.00 per share). In addition, currently, the foregoing anti-dilution protection becomes a “weighted average” anti-dilution provision following such two-year period. As part of the Restructuring, the Full-Ratchet Anti-Dilution Provision would be eliminated and “weighted average” anti-dilution protection would be in effect. In addition, the Company’s issuance of the Dividend Common Shares and the Liquidation Adjustment Common Shares in connection with the Restructuring would be treated as excluded issuances, which would not result in any adjustment to the exercise price or the number of shares that may be purchased upon exercise of the Series A Warrants. Proposed Restructuring Fee As part of the Restructuring, the Company would pay to the Series A Holders as of the record date that would be set by the Board a restructuring fee in an amount equal to three quarters of one percent (0.0075%) of the original $1.00 per share purchase price of the Series A Preferred Stock (i.e., $0.0075 per share; the “ Restructuring Fee ”), based on the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding on June 15, 2012. The Restructuring Fee would be payable to the Series A Holders on a pro rata basis promptly following the effective date of the Restructuring. On June 15, 2012, the Company had outstanding an aggregate of 5,761,028 shares of Preferred Stock, resulting in an aggregate Restructuring Fee of approximately $43,208 that would be payable to the Series A Holders in connection with the Restructuring. The information provided pursuant to this Item 8.01 is “furnished” and shall not be deemed to be “filed” with the Securities and Exchange Commission or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in any such filings. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.   Date: June 29, 2012       NYTEX ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC.   /s/ Bryan A. Sinclair       Bryan A. Sinclair, Vice President and CFO