f $2.00 per share and with a term of five years (the “PPO Warrants”).   The aggregate additional gross proceeds from the second closing of the PPO were $6,856,500 (before deducting placement agent fees and expenses estimated at approximately $694,000).   Investors in the Units have weighted average anti-dilution protection with respect to the shares of Common Stock included in the Units if within 24 months after the final closing of the PPO the Company shall issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents (subject to customary exceptions, including but not limited to issuances of awards under the Company’s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan) for consideration per share less than $1.00. The PPO Warrants have weighted average anti-dilution protection, subject to customary exceptions. Investors in the Units will become parties to the Registration Rights Agreement dated January 15, 2014 by and between the Company and the investors party thereto, which was previously described in the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 23, 2014.   As previously disclosed, the PPO was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), in reliance upon the exemption provided by Regulation D promulgated by the SEC thereunder. The PPO was sold to “accredited investors,” as defined in Regulation D, and was conducted on a “best efforts” basis.   The Company paid the placement agent in the PPO, Gottbetter Capital Markets, LLC (the “Placement Agent”), a registered broker-dealer, cash commissions of 10% of funds raised and issued to it warrants to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 10% (or 2% in the case of certain named investors) of the number of shares of Common Stock included in the Units sold in the PPO, with a term of five (5) years and an exercise price of $1.00 per share (the “PPO Agent Warrants”). The PPO Agent Warrants have weighted average anti-dilution protection, subject to customary exceptions. Any sub-agent of the Placement Agent that introduced investors to the PPO was entitled to share in the cash fees and warrants attributable to those investors as described above.   All descriptions of the Subscription Agreement, the PPO Warrants, the PPO Agent Warrants and the Registration Rights Agreement herein are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text thereof filed as exhibits 10.5, 10.8, 10.9 and 10.10, respectively, to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 23, 2014.         Item 9.01  	 Financial Statements and Exhibits.   In reviewing the agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K, please remember that they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the applicable agreement and:   • should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate;   • have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement;   • may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and   • were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments.   Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K and the Company’s other public filing