so that they expire concurrently with the expiration of the Offer to Amend and Exercise at 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on April 6, 2015, as such expiration date may be extended by the Company in its sole discretion, or as required by applicable law (the “Expiration Date”), (iii) delete any price-based anti-dilution provisions; (iv) restrict the ability of the holder of shares issuable upon exercise of the Amended Warrants to sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any of such shares without the prior written consent of the Company for a period of ninety (90) days after the Expiration Date (the “Lock-Up Period”); and (v) provide that a holder, acting alone or with others, will agree not to effect any purchases or sales of any securities of the Company in any “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or any type of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, “put equivalent positions” (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) or similar arrangements, or sales or other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or foreign regulated brokers through the expiration of the Lock-Up Period.   The purpose of the Offer to Amend and Exercise is to encourage the amendment and exercise of the Original Warrants by significantly reducing both the exercise price and the exercise period of the Original Warrants in order to help the Company reduce its outstanding warrant liability and to provide funds to support the Company’s operations.   The Company believes the Offer to Amend and Exercise will help the Company reduce the warrant liability recorded by the Company on its financial statements, which may be an impediment to the Company’s longer term goal to pursue a listing of its Common Stock on a national securities exchange. Due to the price-based weighted-average anti-dilution provisions contained in the Original Warrants, the Company is required to record a derivative liability on its balance sheet each fiscal quarter for these warrants for so long as they are not exercised and have not expired. In addition, the Company is required to record any change in the value of the warrants on a quarterly basis. The warrant liability is primarily affected by changes in the Company’s stock price, which causes the warrant liability to fluctuate as the market price of the Company’s stock fluctuates. The warrant liability required to be recorded by the Company may have the adverse effect of substantially reducing the Company’s stockholders’ equity. The initial listing standards applicable to the Company for both the NYSE MKT and NASDAQ require that a company meet minimum stockholders’ equity requirements. The price-based weighted-average anti-dilution provisions contained in the Original Warrants may prevent the Company from satisfying those requirements.     2    The Company plans to use the net proceeds from the Offer to Amend and Exercise to fund its ongoing operations, including the Company’s efforts to complete the development and commercialization of CÜR Music, the Company’s streaming music service for listening on the web and mobile devices, and for general working capital purposes.   As of September 30, 2014, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents were $4,540,692 compared to $5,938,999 at June 30, 2014. During the three months ended September 30, 2014, the Company used $1,377,939 of cash in operations compared to $1,249,970 for the three month period ended June 30, 2014. The Company believes its cash resources as of September 30, 2104 are sufficient to fund its current business plan, support operations, fund research and development and meet current obligations into the second quarter of 2015. Assuming that all of the Original Warrants are exercised in the Offer to Amend and Exercise resulting in estimated net proceeds of approximately $4,261,160, the Company anticipates it would have sufficient capital to fund its current business plan, support operations, fund research and development and meet current obligations un