es of the Company’s common stock (the “FirstFire Global Warrant”) the Company issued to FirstFire Global under the Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the parties, dated March 11, 2021 (the “FirstFire Global Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to the FirstFire Global Amendment, the full-ratchet anti-dilution provision was deleted from the FirstFire Global Warrant, and the variable conversion feature was deleted from the FirstFire Global Note. Except as specifically amended by the FirstFire Global Amendment, the terms and conditions of the FirstFire Purchase Agreement, FirstFire Global Note, FirstFire Global Warrant, and other original transaction documents, remain in full force and effect.   Quick Capital Amendment   On May 21, 2021, the Company and Quick Capital, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company (“Quick Capital”), entered into Amendment No. 1 to Convertible Promissory Note (the “Quick Capital Note Amendment”) and Amendment No. 1 to Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the “Quick Capital Warrant Amendment” and, together with the Quick Capital Note Amendment, the “Quick Capital Amendments”), pursuant to which the parties amended certain terms of the convertible promissory note (the “Quick Capital Note”) and warrant to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Quick Capital Warrant”) the Company issued to Quick Capital under the Note Purchase Agreement by and between the parties, dated December 17, 2021 (the “Quick Capital Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to the Quick Capital Amendments, the full-ratchet anti-dilution provision was deleted from the Quick Capital Warrant, and the variable conversion feature was deleted from the Quick Capital Note. Except as specifically amended by the Quick Capital Amendments, the terms and conditions of the Quick Capital Purchase Agreement, Quick Capital Note, Quick Capital Warrant, and other original transaction documents, remain in full force and effect.   Labrys Fund Amendment   On May 22, 2021, the Company and Labrys Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“Labrys Fund”), entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Warrant (the “Labrys Fund Amendment”), pursuant to which the parties amended certain terms of the warrant to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Labrys Fund Warrant”) the Company issued to Labrys Fund under the Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the parties, dated April 16, 2021 (the “Labrys Fund Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to the Labrys Fund Amendment, the full-ratchet anti-dilution provision was deleted from the Labrys Fund Warrant. Except as specifically amended by the Labrys Fund Amendment, the terms and conditions of the Labrys Fund Purchase Agreement, Labrys Fund Warrant, and other original transaction documents, remain in full force and effect.   EMA Financial Amendment   On May 24, 2021, the Company and EMA Financial, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“EMA Financial”), entered into Amendment No. 1 to Transaction Documents (the “EMA Financial Amendment”), pursuant to which the parties amended certain terms of the convertible promissory note (the “EMA Financial Note”) and warrant to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock (the “EMA Financial Warrant”) the Company issued to EMA Financial under the Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the parties, dated November 30, 2020 (the “EMA Financial Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to the EMA Financial Amendment, the full-ratchet anti-dilution provision was deleted from the EMA Financial Warrant, and the variable conversion price was deleted from the EMA Financial Note. Except as specifically amended by the EMA Financial Amendment, the terms and conditions of the EMA Financial Purchase Agreement, EMA Financial Note, EMA Financial Warrant and other original transaction documents, remain in full force and effect.         2       Auctus Fund Amendment   On May 25, 2021, the Company and Auctus Fund, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Auctus Fund”), entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Warrant (the “Auctus Fund Amendment”), pursuant to which the parties amended certain terms of the warrant to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Auctus Fund Warrant”) the Co