ously issued by the Company to an affiliate of the Buyer will automatically adjust to $1.00 (with a proportional increase to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, such affiliate of the Buyer will agree to waive any further anti-dilution adjustment of such existing warrants below $1.00 as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. A copy of the Purchase Agreement is attached to this Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1.   The terms of the Series B Preferred shall be as set forth in the form of Certificate of Designations of the Series B Preferred attached as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (the “Certificate of Designations”). The Series B Preferred will be convertible into Common Stock at the election of the holder at any time at an initial conversion price of $1.00 (the “Conversion Price”). The Conversion Price is subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and the like, and subject to price-based adjustment, on a “full ratchet” basis, in the event of any issuances of Common Stock, or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock at a price below the then-applicable Conversion Price (subject to certain exceptions). The Company will be required to redeem the Preferred Shares in 12 equal monthly installments, commencing on April 1, 2022. Subject to certain conditions, including certain equity conditions, the Company may redeem the applicable number of Preferred Shares on each monthly redemption date either in cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination. The number of shares used to redeem any Preferred Shares in such event would be calculated as 88% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during the eight trading days immediately prior to the payment date. No dividends will be payable on the Series B Preferred, except that holders of Preferred Shares would be entitled to receive any dividends paid on account of the Common Stock, on an as-converted basis, and if a “Triggering Event” (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) occurs and is continuing, dividends will accrue on each Preferred Share at a rate of 15% per annum. The holders of Preferred Shares have no voting rights on account of the Series B Preferred, other than with respect to certain matters affecting the rights of the Series B Preferred.   1     The terms of the Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement shall be as set forth in the form of Warrant attached as Exhibit 4.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Warrants have an exercise price of $1.00 per share, subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and the like, and subject to price-based adjustment, on a “full ratchet” basis, in the event of any issuances of Common Stock, or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock at a price below the then-applicable exercise price (subject to certain exceptions). If additional Preferred Shares are sold at one or more Additional Closings, the Warrants will automatically adjust such that they are exercisable for, in the aggregate, the total number of shares of Common Stock into which all Preferred Shares sold pursuant to the Agreement are convertible. The Warrants will be exercisable commencing on the date of issuance, and will expire five years from the date of issuance.   Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to seek the approval of its stockholders for the issuance of all securities to be issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, in compliance with the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market (the “Stockholder Approval”). It is a condition to the Initial Closing that the Company enter into voting agreements (the “Voting Agreements”) with certain significant stockholders of the Company (each, a “Stockholder”), pursuant to which each Stockholder will agree, with respect to all of the voting securities of the Company that such Stockholder beneficially owns as of the date thereof or thereafter, to vote in favor of the Stockholder Approval. A copy of the form of Voting Ag