apital stock (such number of shares, the “Authorized Maximum Shares”). The Warrants are also subject to the Ownership Cap (as defined below).         The Warrants are subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and similar events, and subject to price-based anti-dilution adjustment, on a “full ratchet” basis, in the event of any issuances of Common Stock, or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock at a price below the then-applicable exercise price of the Warrants (subject to certain exceptions).   The Warrants were issued to the Purchasers in a private placement pursuant to exemptions from registration in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and/or the safe harbors under Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Regulation S promulgated thereunder.   The foregoing summary of the Warrants is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Warrant, which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.   Debentures   Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue Debentures at a 10% issuance discount on the second closing date (the “Second Closing Date”), which is to be within five trading days of the later of (i) the date of the Stockholder Approval and (ii) the effective date of the registration statement registering for resale the shares of Common Stock underlying the Debentures, for aggregate proceeds of $8,000,000. The Debentures will have an aggregate principal amount of $8,888,888 and, subject to the Ownership Cap (as defined below) will be convertible, at the option of the holder, into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price (as defined above with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock); provided, however, that in no instance shall the Conversion Price be less than the Floor Price. In the event the Variable Conversion Price is less than the Floor Price, the Company shall pay to the holder, in cash, an amount equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to such conversion date and (ii) the difference between (A) the Variable Conversion Price (ignoring for such purposes the Floor Price) and (B) the Floor Price. The Debentures will have a maturity date of two years from the date of issuance and an interest rate of 6% per annum payable quarterly in cash or, at the option of the Company, in Common Stock at a conversion rate equal to 90% of the lesser of (i) the average of the VWAPs for the 10 consecutive trading days immediately prior to the applicable interest payment date or (ii) the average of the VWAPs for the 10 consecutive trading days immediately prior to the applicable interest payment date. The Debentures will be secured by a first priority security interest in all of the Company’s assets, subject to certain exceptions, pursuant to a security agreement to be entered into between the Company and the Purchasers on the Second Closing Date.   The Debentures will be subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, reclassifications and similar events, and will be subject to price-based anti-dilution adjustment, on a “full ratchet” basis, in the event of any issuances of Common Stock, or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock at a price below the then-applicable Conversion Price (subject to certain exceptions). The Debentures will contain customary representations, warranties, covenants and events of default.    The Debentures will be issued in a private placement to accredited investors pursuant to exemptions from registration in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act, and/or the safe harbors under Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Regulation S promulgated thereunder.   All of the Purchasers are subject to a beneficial ownership cap limitation of 4.99% (the “Ownership Cap”) and the Purchasers shall not be able to convert or exercise any of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Warrants or the Debentures in excess of that limitation. Any holder of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Warrants or the Debentures may, upon providing 60 days’ written notice to the Company, decrease or increase the Ownership Cap, p