e surviving company upon completion of such transaction.   (7) Conversion Right   Prior to the QIPO of the Cayman Company, the Investor may choose to convert the Target Shares into the ordinary shares of the Cayman Company at a conversion rate of 1:1 at any time (“Conversion Price”), subject to the anti-dilution adjustment and other common adjustments. Following the QIPO of the Cayman Company, the Target Shares will be automatically converted into Series A Ordinary Shares at the Conversion Price then in effect. In case the Cayman Company had not distributed dividend to the Investor as agreed in Article 2.3.2 (2) hereof prior to the QIPO, the dividend available to the Investor as calculated pursuant thereto shall be automatically converted into Series A Ordinary Shares at the Conversion Price then in effect.     14       (8) Anti-dilution Clause   Prior to the QIPO of the Cayman Company, except for customary business exceptions, if the per-share price of other shares issued by the Cayman Company is less than the Conversion Price of the Target Shares, then such Conversion Price shall be adjusted on the basis of narrow-based weighted average, including but not limited to the following arrangements: (i) the Cayman Company issues new shares to the Investor for free; (ii) the Founders transfer corresponding shares held by them in the Cayman Company to the Investor for free. The anti-dilution clause shall be terminated automatically at the time of QIPO.   (9) Right to Know   From the Closing Date up to the QIPO of the Cayman Company, the Founders and the Group Company, up reasonable request of the Investor, provide the Investor with the monthly, quarterly and annual financial reports and annual budget and business plan of the Group Company, and the Investor may require that the annual financial report be audited by an internationally accepted independent public accounting firm. The Investor shall also be entitled to require the Founders and the Group Company to provide other statistical data, trading and financial information in the form reasonable requested by the Investor, so that the Investor will be properly informed of the target information and be able to protect its own interests.   (10) Registration Right   The Investor has the right to be registered twice, provided that the total issuance price shall reach a certain amount. Subject to satisfaction of customary commercial terms, the Investor shall be entitled to unlimited number of co-registration rights and F-3 registration rights.   (11) Put-back Option   In case the Cayman Company fails to complete the QIPO within three (3) years from the Closing of the Transaction, the Investor shall have the right to require the Founders to jointly and severally repurchase all or part of the shares held by the Investor in the Cayman Company, at a repurchase price which is equal to (i) the transaction consideration actually paid by the Investor, plus (ii) the fixed return calculated at an annual simple rate of 12% during the period from the Closing Date to the date when the shares held by the Investor are fully repurchased, with the deduction of the bonus and dividend already paid by the Cayman Company to the Investor.   (12) Other Rights   Other rights, options, privileges or obligations of the Investor will be negotiated with the Cayman Company and the Founders in preparing the conclusive Formal Transaction Documents, and shall be subject to the written agreement concluded by the Parties at that time.     15       2.3.3         Performance Target and Performance Compensation   The performance target for the year of 2018 is an annual net profit of no less than RMB150 million (“Performance Target 2018”).   If the net profit in 2018 is less than 80% of the Performance Target 2018 (i.e. RMB120 million), the Investor shall have the right to require the Founders to pay a cash compensation to the Investor as follows, within thirty (30) days upon issuance of the annual audit report 2018 (no later than April 30, 2019).The cash compensation is calculated as follows:   Cash compensation in 2018 = transaction price actually paid by the Investor * (1- net profit in 2018/net profit target in 2018