e capital increase from own resources ( Kapitalerhöhung aus Gesellschaftsmitteln )) 7,105 shares to the Investor at an issue price of €10,555.60 per share (nominal value of €1.00), which corresponds to 5.08% of the shares in the Company. The Investment Agreement provides for, among other things, an anti-dilution provision for the benefit of the Investor. If an initial public offering of shares or ADS in the Company occurs within 18 months from the date of the Investment Agreement and the reference price (i.e., the price at which the shares of the Company with the nominal value of €1.00 or instruments representing such shares (e.g., ADS) are offered to investors) is lower than the initial issue price (based on the Pre-Money Valuation) under the Investment Agreement, the Investor is entitled to a compensation by issuance of such number of shares in the Company as corresponds to the difference of shares it received in the original investment and the number of shares it would have received had the original investment taken place at the reference price. Transactions with Rocket Internet In 2012, our subsidiary AIH General Merchandise Nigeria UG & Co. KG and an affiliate of Rocket Internet SE, Emerging Markets Asia eCommerce Holding GmbH (“EMA eCommerce”), entered into a loan agreement with us for €606,000. On December 21, 2012, EMA eCommerce assigned the loan to Rocket Internet SE. The loan was payable on demand and had an interest rate of 0.5% per annum. In 2017, the loan was derecognized. The balance as of December 31, 2016 was €611,000.   132 Table of Contents In 2016 and 2017, we provided certain IT, marketing and other services to a number of companies affiliated with Rocket Internet SE. We invoiced total amounts of €4.6 million in 2016 and €2.4 million in 2017 for such services. In 2016 and 2017, we received certain IT, marketing and other services from a number of companies affiliated with Rocket Internet SE. We paid a total €1.7 million in 2016 and €1.0 million in 2017 for such services. Transactions with Other Shareholders In the ordinary course of business, we regularly enter into transactions with some of our shareholders. Transactions with MTN We engage in a number of initiatives with affiliates of our shareholder Mobile Telephone Networks Holdings (Pty) Ltd. For example, consumers may pay for transactions on our platform with MTN’s mobile money. We have also set up dedicated MTN branded online stores on our platform. Transactions with Orange In 2016, six affiliates of Atlas Countries Support S.A. (“Orange”) started offering their consumers the ability to buy their mobile phones through our platform. Orange also operates mobile money platforms on which Orange consumers can pay for goods purchased on our marketplace, and Orange collects the cash to be remitted to us. Some common initiatives to promote our services have also been set up with Orange affiliates, with the aim of reducing our acquisition costs on the related markets. In connection with the business relationships described above, we entered into a partnership agreement regarding marketplace services with Orange on March 3, 2016. The purpose of this agreement is to define the terms and conditions pursuant to which Orange and its affiliates have access to the partnership services offered by us through showcasing Orange products for sale on our marketplace. We also entered into a mobile money partnership agreement with Orange on the same date. The purpose of this agreement is to create a non-exclusive partnership allowing our consumers to pay the goods and the services provided by our affiliates, notably on their websites, by way of the Orange Money services. Transactions with AXA In December 2015, we entered into distribution arrangements with AXA S.A., an affiliate of our shareholder AXA Africa Holding S.A.S. According to these agreements, AXA S.A. and its affiliates have exclusivity and matching rights concerning insurance products and services we offer. In 2017, revenue from sales of AXA insurance products was not material. We entered into insurance agreements with AXA Africa Holding S.A.S. In 2017, we paid insurance premiums of €251,000 to AXA Africa Hol