on being converted into shares of common at a ratio of 1:1, holders will receive an aggregate number of additional shares of common stock based on the shortfall of the Nonqualified IPO from a Qualified IPO based upon the price per share of the common stock implied by the Nonqualified IPO valuation. Anti-dilution privileges In the event the Company issues any additional shares of common stock for a consideration per share that is less than the initial issuance price paid for the shares of preferred stock upon the initial issuance price of such shares of preferred stocks (as adjusted for stock splits and consolidation of stock), the conversion price (adjusted for stock splits and consolidations of stock) per share of preferred stock shall be adjusted on a narrow-based weighted average basis. Liquidation preference Cash and property shall be distributed to the shareholders, at such times and in such aggregate amounts as the Board may determine, as of the date of determination in the following priority:     (i) First, the holders of share of Series C preferred stock shall receive an amount equal to the subscription price originally paid for the shares of Series C preferred stock paid plus interest of eight percent per annum (based on a 365-day year, compounded annually on December 31 st ) from the last date of payment of the subscription price of Series C preferred stock until distribution, reduced with any dividends paid with respect to the shares of Series C preferred stock prior to the distribution;     (ii) Second, the holders of shares of Series B preferred stock shall receive an amount equal to the subscription price originally paid for the relevant shares of Series B preferred stock paid plus interest of eight percent per annum (based on a 365-day year, compounded annually on December 31 st ) from the last date of payment of the subscription price of Series B preferred stock until distribution, reduced with any dividends paid with respect to the Series B preferred stock prior to the distribution;     (iii) Third, any remaining proceeds shall be distributed pro-rata among all holders of shares of preferred stock and common stock. To the extent the proceeds would not be sufficient to satisfy the entire   F-22 Table of Contents   preference amount for all shares of Series C preferred stock or Series B preferred stock (as the case may be), the distribution shall always be allocated among shares of Series C preferred stock of each sub-class so as to satisfy the same proportion of their respective preference amount and thereafter among shares of Series B preferred stock of each subclass so as to satisfy the same proportion of their respective preference amount. Redemption rights Upon the request of a defined group of requisite holders and following the occurrence of a deemed liquidation event in which the Company is not dissolved, the Company is required to redeem each share of preferred stock at a price per share equal to each series of preferred stock’s initial issue price plus accrued and unpaid dividends as described above. In the event the proceeds from a sale, liquidation or deemed liquidation event are not sufficient to redeem all outstanding shares of preferred stock, the shares of preferred stock are required to be redeemed in accordance with their liquidation preferences. 11. COMMON STOCK The Company had 5,350,404 common shares authorized, of which 100,000 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Common stockholders are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held at all meetings of stockholders and written actions in lieu of meetings. Common stockholders are entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared by the Board. No dividends have been declared or paid by the Company through December 31, 2019. 12. EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION Employee equity plan On December 17, 2013, the Company adopted its 2013 Option Program, or Plan. The Plan initially allowed the Company to award up to 131,420 options, including 13,142 series A options, 52,568 series B options and 65,710 series C options. Each vested option will entitle the option holder to a single common share in the Company. Holde