le quarterly in arrears, subject to an additional 4% per annum during the continuation of an event of default. The initial conversion price of the New Secured Convertible Loans will be $5.30 per share (the “New Convertible Loan Conversion Price”), and will be subject to broad based weighted average anti-dilution adjustments in connection with future issuances of common stock equivalents by the Company below the New Convertible Loan Conversion Price, subject to customary excluded issuances; and (2) the New Secured Convertible Loan will be secured by substantially all of the Borrowers’ assets on a first-priority basis (except as otherwise provided in the Credit Agreement) and shall be senior in right of repayment under all circumstances to the Existing Convertible Loans, which will be unsecured.   ● Extension of Maturity Date . The Amended Credit Agreement extends the maturity date for the Existing Convertible Loans and Existing Non-Convertible Loans to June 30, 2027.   ● Subordination of the Existing Convertible Loans . The Amended Credit Agreement provides for the subordination of the Existing Convertible Loans, and the rights of the lenders of the Existing Convertible Loans, in respect of any payments, repayments and prepayments made or due and owing in respect of the Existing Convertible Loans, to the New Secured Convertible Loans and the Non-Convertible Loans (the “Senior Secured Loans”), and the corresponding rights of the lenders of the Senior Secured Loans, both prior to and after the exercise of any remedies to enforce any of the loans or other obligations after the occurrence and during the continuation of any event of default.   The proceeds from the New Secured Convertible Loans are intended to be used to fund expenditures associated with development of the Company’s water supply projects, to fund working capital needs, to pay transaction related expenses and for general corporate purposes.   In connection with and following the entry into the Third Amendment, the Borrowers, and BRS, as administrative agent for the lenders, will enter into a Second Amendment to Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents, Security Agreement, Financing Statement and Fixture Filing, to, among other things, (1) effect the release of all security interests and other liens granted to or held by the lenders of the Existing Convertible Loans, and (2) effect certain other conforming changes.   The foregoing description of the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of such document, which is filed as Exhibits 10.1 to this current report and is incorporated by reference herein.   Issuance of Warrant   In connection with the entry into the Third Amendment, on March 6, 2024, we issued a warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of our common stock (the “Warrant”) to the Heerema Lender. The Warrant has an exercise price of $5.00 per share, which will be subject to broad based weighted average anti-dilution adjustments in connection with future issuances of common stock equivalents below the warrant exercise price, subject to customary excluded issuances. The Warrant expires on June 30, 2027.   The foregoing description of the Warrant does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of such document, which is filed as Exhibits 4.1 to this current report and is incorporated by reference herein.   2     Other Agreements with Heerema   In connection with the entry into the Third Amendment, on March 6, 2024, we entered into an Amendment No. 3 to Registration Rights Agreement with Heerema, which amends the Registration Rights Agreement, originally dated as of March 23, 2022 and amended as of November 14, 2022 and January 30, 2023 (the “Registration Rights Agreement”), between the Company and certain holders of the Company’s securities including Heerema by providing that all the shares of our common stock issued or issuable to Heerema or its affiliates upon conversion of the New Secured Convertible Loans under the Amended Credit Agreement and upon exercise of the Warrant will be deemed “Registerable S