atters affecting the rights of the Preferred Shares. On matters with respect to which the holders of the Preferred Shares have a right to vote, holders of the Preferred Shares will have voting rights on an as-converted basis, provided that until receipt of stockholder approval of this proposal, any adjustment to the Conversion Price shall not cause the Conversion Price for voting purposes to be less than the Minimum Price (as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)).   Our ability to settle conversions is subject to certain limitations set forth in the Certificate of Designations, including a limit on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued until the time that the Stockholder Approval is obtained permitting the issuance of more than 19.99% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq listing standards. We agreed to seek stockholder approval of these matters at a meeting to be held no later than May 31, 2023. Further, the Certificate of Designations contains a certain beneficial ownership limitation after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares.   The Certificate of Designations includes certain Triggering Events (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), including, among other things, (i) the failure to file and maintain an effective registration statement covering the sale of the holder’s securities registrable pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, (ii) the failure to pay any amounts due to the holders of the Preferred Shares when due, and (iii) if Peter Holst ceases to be the chief executive officer of the Company other than because of his death and a qualified replacement, reasonably acceptable to a majority of the holders of the Preferred Shares, is not appointed within thirty (30) business days. In connection with a Triggering Event, the Default Rate is triggered. The Default Rate is also triggered in the event that we are unable, from the failure to obtain the Stockholder Approval prior to May 31, 2023 (the “ Approval Date ”), to issue shares of Common Stock in connection with a conversion of the Series F Preferred Stock after the Approval Date.   We are subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, acquisition transactions, the existence of liens, the repayment of indebtedness, the payment of cash in respect of dividends (other than dividends pursuant to the Certificate of Designations), maintenance of properties and the transfer of assets, among other matters.   2     Common Warrants   The Common Warrants are exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.71 per share, beginning on or after the sixth-month-and-one-day anniversary of the issuance date and expiring five and a half years after the date of issuance. The exercise price is subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combination recapitalizations or other similar transactions involving the Common Stock, and subject to price-based adjustment, on a full ratchet basis, in the event of any issuances of Common Stock, or securities convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, at a price below the then-applicable exercise price for the Common Warrants (subject to certain exceptions). The Common Warrants are exercisable for cash, provided that if there is no effective registration statement available permitting the resale of the Warrant Common Shares, the Common Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. Exercise of the Common Warrants is subject to certain limitations, including a 4.99% beneficial ownership limitation.   Preferred Warrants   The Preferred Warrants are exercisable for shares of our Series F preferred stock at an exercise price of $975. The exercise price is subject to customary adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combination recapitalizations or other similar transactions involving the Common Stock. The Preferred Warrants expire three years from the date of issuance and are exercisable for cash. For each Preferred Warrant exercised, the Investor shall receive Common Warrants to purchase a number of 