contemporaneous arrangements or undertakings with respect thereto. 12. Acceptance . The recipient of this Right shall signify acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Value Appreciation Instrument by signing in the space provided below and returning a signed copy to the Bank. 13. Adjustments; Anti-Dilution . In the event of any subdivision, reclassification or consolidation of outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, declaration of a dividend payable in shares of common stock of the Company or common stock split of the Company, then (i) the number of Units and (ii) the Exercise Price shall each be proportionately adjusted by the Board of Directors of the Bank to reflect such transaction; provided, however, that any adjustment shall only be such as is necessary to maintain the proportionate interest of the Holder and preserve, without exceeding, the value of this Right. There will be no anti-dilution adjustment with respect to the conversion of the preferred stock of the Company (represented by depository shares) issued in the April 2010 offering which are expected to convert into shares of common stock after the shareholder meeting in May 2010. The existence of this Right shall not affect in any manner the right or power of the Bank or the Company or their respective shareholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations or other changes in the capital stock of the Bank or the Company or its business or any merger or consolidation of the Bank or the Company, or any issuance of bonds, debentures or preferred     stock, or dissolution or liquidation, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding of any kind. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank has caused this VAI to be executed by a duly authorized officer as of the Issue Date written above. Banco Popular de Puerto Rico           By:   /s/ Richard Carrión           Name: Richard Carrión         Title: Chairman and CEO     ACCEPTED: FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION           By:   /s/ Victor Robert           Name: Victor Robert         Title: Attorney-in-Fact         FORM OF NOTICE OF EXERCISE TO: Banco Popular de Puerto Rico RE:Election to Exercise Value Appreciation Instrument The undersigned, pursuant to the provisions set forth in the attached Value Appreciation Instrument, hereby irrevocably exercises its Right under such Value Appreciation Instrument with respect to the Units set forth below.                       Number of Units:                                                                     Exercise Date:                                                                  , 201                   (if a date is not designated, the Exercise Date is date the Bank receives this Notice)                       Wire Transfer Instructions:                                   Bank Name:                                     ABA Routing#:                                     Beneficiary Name:                                     Beneficiary Account #:                                     Bank Contact:                                     Phone:                                     Beneficiary Contact:                                     Beneficiary Phone:           HOLDER:                                                                          By:                     Name:                     Title:                     Date:                                                                  , 201              Appendix A -Form of Notice of Exercise of Value Appreciation Instrument