 beginning immediately after issuance and will expire 5 years from the date of issuance. The exercise price of the Warrants is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits, stock dividends, combinations of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. The Warrants also contain full-ratchet anti-dilution protection for issuances or sales by the Company of securities below the exercise price of the Warrants, but only to the extent as a result of such issuances or sales the exercise or conversion price of the MHR Securities (as defined in the Warrant) is actually reduced to a price below the exercise price of the Warrants. The full ratchet anti-dilution protection contained in the Warrants shall only be effective from the date of the Purchase Agreement until the six month anniversary of the issuance date of the Warrants. A copy of the Purchase Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the form of Warrants is also attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. In connection with the Purchase Agreement, on August 25, 2010, the Company and the Buyers will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement (the “ Registration Rights Agreement ”). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company will provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), and applicable state securities laws. The Company will be required to file a registration statement (the “ Registration Statement ”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) within 20 days of the closing date and use its reasonable best efforts to have such Registration Statement declared effective as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 50 days of the closing date of the Private Placement (90 days in the event the SEC reviews the Registration Statement). A copy of the form of Registration Rights Agreement to be entered into by the Company and the Buyers is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. MHR Private Placement In connection with the Company’s entry into the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “ MHR Purchase Agreement ”) on the same date with MHR Fund Management LLC (the “ MHR Buyer ”) to sell an aggregate of 3,497,528 shares of its common stock and warrants (the “ MHR Warrants ”) to purchase a total of 2,623,146 shares of its common stock (the “ MHR Warrant Shares ”) for gross proceeds, before deducting fees and expenses and excluding the proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the MHR Warrants of $3,532,503 (the “ MHR Private Placement ”). Each unit, consisting of   Table of Contents one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase 0.75 shares of common stock, will be sold at a purchase price of $1.01. MHR Buyer, together with certain of its affiliated investment funds (collectively, “ MHR ”), is the holder of the Company’s 11% Senior Secured Convertible Notes (the “ MHR Senior Secured Notes ”) and, after giving effect to the MHR Private Placement, will beneficially own approximately 43.89% of the Company’s Common Stock, assuming conversion and exercise by MHR of all convertible securities, warrants and options held, including the MHR Warrants and the MHR Waiver Warrants (as defined below). The Buyers required, as a condition to the Purchase Agreement, that MHR enter into the MHR Purchase Agreement. The MHR Warrants will be exercisable at an exercise price of $1.26 per share beginning immediately after issuance and will expire 5 years from the date of issuance. The exercise price of the MHR Warrants is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits, stock dividends, combinations of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. The MHR Warrants also contain full-ratchet anti-dilution protection for issuances or sales by the Company of securities below the exercise price of the MHR Warrants, but only to the extent as a result of such issuances or sales the exercise or conversion price of the MHR Securities (as defined in the MHR Warrant) is actually reduced to a price below the exercise price of the MHR Warrant