tion to holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly cash dividends out of the earnings or retained earnings of the Company) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).         With certain exceptions, no anti-dilution adjustment in the Purchase Price will be required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1% of the Purchase Price. No fractional shares of Series A Preferred Stock (other than fractions of one one-thousandth of a share, or integral multiples thereof) will be issued and, in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made based on the market price of the Series A Preferred Stock on the last trading date prior to the date of exercise. REDEMPTION         At any time until ten (10) days following the Stock Acquisition Date (as such period may be extended or shortened by the Board of Directors) the Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $0.001 per Right (payable in cash, shares of Common Stock or other consideration deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors). Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors ordering redemption of the Rights, the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the $0.001 redemption price. EXCHANGE         At any time after a person becomes an Acquiring Person, the Board of Directors may, at its option, exchange all or any part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights for shares of Common Stock at an exchange ratio specified in the Renewed Rights Agreement. AMENDMENT         Other than certain provisions relating to the principal economic terms of the Rights, any of the provisions of the Renewed Rights Agreement may be amended by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to the Distribution Date. From and after the Distribution Date, the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by the Board in order to cure any ambiguity, to make changes which do not adversely affect the interests of holders of Rights (other than an Acquiring Person or an affiliate or associate thereof), or to shorten or lengthen any time period under the Rights Agreement; provided, however, that no amendment shall be made at such time as the Rights are not redeemable. ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECTS         The Rights have certain anti-takeover effects. Exercise of the Rights will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire the Company on terms not approved by the Company's Board of Directors. The existence of Rights, however, should not affect an offer at a price which is fair to all stockholders and otherwise in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders as determined by the Board of Directors. The Rights should not interfere with any merger or other business combination approved by the Board of Directors since the Board of Directors may, at its option, at any time until ten days following the Stock Acquisition Date (as such period may be extended or shortened by the Board of Directors) redeem all but not less than all of the then outstanding Rights at the $0.001 redemption price. MISCELLANEOUS         The Renewed Rights Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, between the Company and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent, specifying the term of the Rights is included as Exhibit 4.1 to this filing and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Rights is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit. Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders         The information required by this item is included in Item 1.01. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (c) Exhibits Exhibit Number   Description 4.1   Renewed Rights Agreement dated as of December 21, 2004 between Bentley Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent, including the form of Rights certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of Rights to Purchase Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as Exhibit C. 99.1   Press Release dated December 21, 2004. SIGNATURES         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities 