014), for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held by such holder, in an amount equal to the per share amount of such dividend, multiplied by 13.1023, such that the holders of the Notes will effectively participate in the dividend without conversion of their Notes. As a result of such payment, no anti-dilution adjustment to the conversion rate of the Notes will be made as a result of this dividend.           “Average VWAP” is the simple arithmetic average of the Daily VWAP over the Averaging Period. The “Averaging Period” is the period of 15 consecutive scheduled trading days beginning on June 5, 2014 and ending on June 25, 2014. The “Daily VWAP” for any trading day means the per share volume-weighted average price of ATK’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange, as displayed under the heading “Bloomberg VWAP” on Bloomberg page “ATK.N <equity> AQR” (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available), in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session of the New York Stock Exchange on such trading day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of ATK’s common stock on such trading day determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by ATK). The Daily VWAP was determined without regard to pre-market hours or after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours. The Tender Offer will expire at midnight, New York City time, on June 27, 2014 (as such time and date may be extended, the “Expiration Date”), unless extended or earlier terminated by ATK in its sole discretion. Notes tendered may be withdrawn at any time at or prior to midnight, New York City time, at the end of the Expiration Date. The Tender Offer is not subject to any minimum tender condition, but is subject to certain other conditions summarized in the Offer to Purchase. None of ATK, its management or board of directors, the dealer manager, the depositary or the information agent makes any recommendation to any holder of Notes as to whether to tender any Notes. None of ATK, its management or board of directors, the dealer manager, the depositary or the information agent has authorized any person to give any information or to make any representation in connection with the Tender Offer other than the information and representations contained in the Offer to Purchase or in the Letter of Transmittal. The complete terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are set forth in the Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal and other related materials that ATK will distribute to the holders of the Notes after these documents are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) as exhibits to ATK’s Schedule TO for the Tender Offer. Holders of Notes should read the Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal and the other related materials because they contain important information including various terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. BofA Merrill Lynch is acting as dealer manager for the Tender Offer. Global Bondholder Services Corporation is acting as the depositary for the Tender Offer and as the information agent for the Tender Offer. Questions regarding the Tender Offer should be directed to BofA Merrill Lynch by phone at (888) 292-0070 (toll-free). Requests for copies of the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal may be directed to Global Bondholder Services Corporation by phone at (866) 470-4200 (toll-free) or (212) 430-3774 (collect).           This press release is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to sell or purchase or the solicitation of an offer to sell or purchase any securities. The Tender Offer is only being made pursuant to the terms of the Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal and the other related materials that ATK distributed to the holders of Notes after these documents were filed with the Commission as exhibits to ATK’s Schedule TO for the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer is not being made in any jurisdiction in which the making or