------- not have any agreement or understanding with any Investor with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents other than as specified in this Agreement, except that any officer or director who participates in this transaction as a Investor shall not be entitled to any anti-dilution protection (other than on account of stock splits, stock combinations and similar events) under the Debentures or the Warrants acquired by them or their Affiliates so as not to violate Nasdaq Rule Filing SR-NASD-2003-40 (March 14, 2003). (aa) Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither ---------- it nor any Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Investors or their agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representations and 14 covenants in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosure provided to the Investors regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, furnished by or on behalf of the Company (including the Company's representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and the Disclosure Schedule) are true and correct and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. (bb) Acknowledgment Regarding Investors' Purchase of ----------------------------------------------- Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Investors ---------- is acting solely in the capacity of an arm's length Investor with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Investor is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and any advice given by any Investor or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby is merely incidental to the Investors' purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Investor that the Company's decision to enter into this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives. 3.2. Representations and Warranties of the Investors. Each ----------------------------------------------- Investor, for itself and for no other Investor, hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows: (a) Organization; Authority. Such Investor is an ----------------------- entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite corporate or partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the applicable Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or, if such Investor is not a corporation, such partnership, limited liability Company or other applicable like action, on the part of such Investor. Each of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement has been duly executed by such Investor, and when delivered by such Investor in accordance with terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. (b) Investment Intent. Such Investor is acquiring ----------------- the Securities as principal for its own account for investment purposes only and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof, without prejudice, however, to such Investor's right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Subject to the immediately preceding sen