rantee shall be adjusted in an equitable and proportionate manner to reflect such action.  If any such adjustment shall result in a fractional share, such fraction shall be disregarded. For the avoidance of doubt, the Restricted Share Units set forth in the Grant Notice shall not be entitled to any anti-dilution protections. 4.4     Stock Power .  Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Grantee shall deliver to the Company a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Restricted Shares.  Such stock power shall be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A . 4.5     Legend . Each certificate representing Restricted Shares shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SHARES OF STOCK REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (INCLUDING FORFEITURE AND RESTRICTIONS AGAINST TRANSFER) CONTAINED IN THE RESTRICTED SHARE AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") BETWEEN THE OWNER OF THE RESTRICTED SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY AND NN, INC. (THE "COMPANY").  THE RELEASE OF SUCH STOCK FROM SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL BE MADE ONLY IN 2 ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE AT THE COMPANY. 4.6     No Right to Continued Employment .  This Agreement shall not be construed as giving the Grantee the right to be retained in the employ of the Company (or any Subsidiary of the Company), and the Company (or any Subsidiary of the Company) may at any time dismiss the Grantee from employment, free from any liability or any claim under this Agreement. 4.7     Entire Agreement .  This Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and the Grantee concerning the Restricted Shares granted hereby, and supersede any prior or contemporaneous negotiations and understandings.  The Company and the Grantee have made no promises, agreements, conditions or understandings relating to the Restricted Shares, either orally or in writing, that are not included in this Agreement. 4.8     Captions .  The captions and section numbers appearing in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience.  They do not define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of the provisions of this Agreement. 4.9     Counterparts . The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to applicable law, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 4.10     Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the Company’s principal office, and any notice to be given to Grantee shall be addressed to Grantee at Grantee’s last address reflected on the Company’s records. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 4.11 , either party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when sent via email or when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 4.11     Amendment .  This Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Committee or the Board, provided that no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall adversely affect this Restricted Share Award in any material way without the prior written consent of Grantee. 4.12     Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4.1 hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 4.13     Governing Law . The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the