ant must redeem the Notes by paying all unpaid principal and interest under all outstanding Notes. The Notes are convertible at a fixed conversion price of $0.22 per share, into a total of approximately 9.1 million shares of common stock, provided, however that the Notes are subject to full-ratchet anti-dilution protection, i.e., if the Registrant issues shares (with certain enumerated exceptions) at an average per-share price below $0.22 per share, the conversion price of the Notes shall be adjusted downward to match such per-share price. Under the terms of the Notes, the full-ratchet anti-dilution adjustments do not apply to (i) the issuance of approximately up to $1.6 million shares or shares under options to employees and consultants, (ii) securities issued in connection with acquisitions of third parties valued above $8 million; (iii) the issuance of approximately up to $1.6 million shares or shares under warrants or other securities issued to non-affiliates for services rendered to the Registrant, as more fully described and set forth in the Notes. The holders of the Notes may convert the unpaid principal amount the Notes into common stock of the Registrant at any time prior to maturity, at the applicable conversion price. The Registrant may at any time at its option, redeem the Notes by paying 125% of the unpaid principal and accrued interest. For the specific terms including those relating to anti-dilution, refer to the form of the Notes in Exhibit 10.2 included with this Form 8-K. The Registrant’s performance of its obligations under the Notes along with certain other obligations in connection with the Financing is secured by all of the assets of the Registrant, excluding its subsidiaries, pursuant to a security agreement, a copy of which is included with this Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.4. The Registrant’s performance of the Notes and other obligations in connection with the Financing is also secured by a pledge of 3,897 shares Series A Preferred Stock (convertible into 30 million shares of common stock) personally held by the current CEO of the Registrant pursuant to a stock pledge agreement, a copy of which is included with this Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.5. Upon any event of default (as defined in the Notes, the security agreement and the stock pledge agreement), the investors will be entitled to exercise their respective rights under the security agreement and stock pledge agreement. In addition, the subsidiaries of the Registrant, Perfect Dream Limied, a British Virgin Islands corporation, and Goldenway Nanjing Garments Company Limited, a corporation in the People’s Republic of China, each guaranteed the performance of the Registrant’s obligations under the Notes and the subscription agreement under a guaranty agreement, a copy of which is included with this Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.9.   2   In connection with the Financing, on August 2, 2007 the Registrant issued warrants to investors that are exercisable for up to approximately 9.1 million shares of common stock of the Registrant with an exercise price of $0.32 per share (“ Warrants ”). The Warrants are exercisable for a five-year period until August 2, 2012. The Warrants are subject to full-ratchet anti-dilution protection in the event that the Registrant issues shares (with certain exceptions) at an average per-share price below $0.32 per share. Similar to the Notes, under the terms of the Warrants, full-ratchet anti-dilution adjustments do not apply to (i) the issuance of approximately up to $1.6 million shares or shares under options to employees and consultants, (ii) securities issued in connection with acquisitions of third parties valued above $8 million; (iii) the issuance of approximately up to $1.6 million shares or shares under warrants or other securities issued to non-affiliates for services rendered to the Registrant, as more fully described and set forth in the Warrants. If at any time after fifteen months after the closing date there is no effective registration statement covering the resale of the shared underlying the Warrants, the warrant holders may exercise their Warrants by means of a cashless exercise. The form of warrant issued to investors is