tions filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 9, 2003, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Subject to specified exceptions, the $1.25 per share initial conversion price of the Series E preferred Stock will be adjusted based on a weighted average anti-dilution formula in the event that we issue securities below that price. However, the number of shares of common stock issuable in respect of the Series E preferred stock shall not exceed 19.99% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 9, 2003, unless the issuance in excess of that amount is first approved by our stockholders. We have agreed to seek such stockholder approval in the event that this limitation becomes applicable.   The holders of the Series E preferred stock are entitled to receive a dividend of 4% per annum, payable beginning on October 31, 2004 and on each anniversary thereof on the $10,000 per share liquidation preference and any accrued dividends for prior periods not timely paid. The dividend is payable in cash, but we may elect to pay it in shares of our common stock under specified circumstances. The dividend rate will increase to 8% on June 9, 2005.   In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series E preferred stock will be entitled to receive payment out of the assets of the Company in the amount of their $10,000 per share liquidation preference, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends, before any distribution of assets is made to the holders of our common stock.   The Series E preferred stock generally will vote together with the common stock as one class. Each holder of Series E preferred stock generally is entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which its shares of Series E preferred stock could be converted on the record date for the vote assuming for such purpose a conversion price of $1.48 per share.   If, at any time beginning 180 days after the effective date of a registration statement covering the shares of common stock underlying the Series E preferred stock, our common stock closes at a price of $4.00 per share or greater for 10 consecutive trading days and other specified conditions are met, the Series E preferred stock will automatically convert into common stock at the then effective conversion price.   At any time after December 9, 2007, we can elect to redeem the Series E preferred stock in whole or in part in cash in an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series E preferred stock plus the greater of (x) 125% of the liquidation preference, or (y) the current market value of the common stock into which the shares of Series E preferred stock are then convertible.   Subject to specified exceptions, the holders of the Series E preferred stock have the right to co-invest up to 50% of their dollar amount invested in the private placement in any financing by us involving equity or equity-linked securities on or prior to June 9, 2005. Subject to specified exceptions, in the event of any financing by us after June 9, 2005 involving equity or equity-linked securities other than common stock, the holders of the Series E preferred stock will have the right to exchange their shares of Series E preferred stock for securities in the new financing at 100% of its liquidation preference.   In the event of specified transactions involving a change of control of our company, the holders of the Series E preferred stock can elect to have their shares of Series E preferred stock redeemed. We generally have the option to satisfy such a redemption request in cash, by delivery of the common stock into which such Series E preferred stock would have been convertible, or by causing the successor or acquiring corporation to assume the Series E preferred stock. In most circumstances, the liquidation preference of the Series E preferred stock for purposes of such redemption will be deemed to be 125% of the liquidation preference. In addition, we have agreed not to effect a change of control of our company without the prior consent of the holders of a m