8-K
1
v064621_8k.htm

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington,
D.C. 20549
____________________
 
FORM
8-K
CURRENT
REPORT
PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
____________________
 
Date
of
Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 31, 2007

THE
ALPINE GROUP, INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

 

000-02249

 

22-1620387

(State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization)

 

(Commission
File Number)

 

(I.R.S.
Employer
Identification
Number)

 
 
 
 
 

One
Meadowlands Plaza

East
Rutherford, New Jersey

 

07073

(Address
of principal executive offices)

 

(Zip
Code)

 
Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: (201)
549-4400
 
Not
Applicable
(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)
 
 
Check
the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:
 
ý
Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 
¨
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)
 
¨
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act
(17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
¨
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act
(17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 

 

 
Item
1.01.   Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.
 
On
January 31, 2007, The Alpine Group, Inc. (the “Company”), along with Plainfield
Special Situations Master Fund Limited (“Plainfield,” and together with the
Company, the “Purchasers”), entered into a Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement
(the “Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement”) with Wolverine Tube, Inc.
(“Wolverine”) providing for the issuance and sale to the Purchasers of an
aggregate of 50,000 shares of Wolverine’s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
(the “Series A Preferred Stock”), at a price of $1,000 per share, for a total
purchase price of $50,000,000 (the “Transaction”). Pursuant to the Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company will purchase 10,000 shares of Series
A
Preferred Stock and Plainfield will purchase 40,000 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock will be convertible into a number
of shares of Wolverine’s common stock (the “Common Stock”) equal to $1,000
divided by the Conversion Price. The Conversion Price will be the lesser of
$1.10 or the arithmetic average of the closing prices of the Common Stock on
the
OTC Bulletin Board for the ten consecutive trading days from the public
announcement on February 1, 2007 of the Transaction. The Conversion Price will
be subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments.
 
Dividends
on the Series A Preferred Stock are cumulative and are payable quarterly at
the
rate of 8% per annum. Wolverine is entitled to defer dividends in certain
circumstances. Any deferred dividend will accrue at a rate of 10% per annum
if
the dividend payment date is before January 31, 2012 and at a rate of 12% per
annum if the dividend payment date is on or after January 31, 2012. In addition,
if at any time more than 120 days after the closing of the Transaction the
following two conditions are not satisfied:
 

o  

the
number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares
of
Common Stock is sufficient to permit the conversion of the Series
A
Preferred Stock into Common Stock; and,

 

o  

the
shares of Common Stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock is
convertible are registered for resale under the Securities
Act,

 
then
the
dividend rate on the Series A Preferred Stock will increase by 0.50% for each
quarter in which those two conditions remain unsatisfied, up to a maximum
increase of 2%.
 
The
Series A Preferred Stock is mandatorily redeemable at par plus any accrued
and
unpaid dividends on January 31, 2017 and upon the occurrence of certain change
of control transactions that are not approved by at least five of the members
of
Wolverine’s board of directors. Wolverine may redeem all, but not less than all,
of the Series A Preferred Stock at its option, at par plus any accrued and
unpaid dividends, at any time on or after January 31, 2014, but only if the
two
conditions described in the preceding paragraph are satisfied on each trading
day between the delivery of the notice of redemption and the redemption
date.
 
The
holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote with the holders
of
Common Stock on all matters on which holders of Common Stock are entitled to
vote, including, without limitation, the election of directors. Each holder
of
Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to a number of votes in respect of
the
Series A Preferred Stock owned by it equal to the number of shares of Common
Stock into which such holder's Series A Preferred Stock is then convertible,
subject to the limitations described below. Pursuant to the Certificate of
Designations of the Series A Preferred Stock and a Voting Agreement among
Wolverine and the Purchasers to be entered into at the closing of the
Transaction (the “Voting Agreement”), for so long as any of Wolverine's 10.5%
Senior Notes due 2009 are outstanding, no Purchaser (together with any other
person with whom that Purchaser would be considered a “person” (as that term is
used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act) with respect
to
the Series A Preferred Stock or the Common Stock) may vote Common Stock and
Series A Preferred Stock in excess of 49% of the total voting power of all
voting securities of Wolverine.
 

2

The
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement provides that Wolverine will conduct a rights
offering (the “Rights Offering”) as soon as practicable after the closing of the
Transaction. Pursuant to the Rights Offering, the existing stockholders of
Wolverine (excluding the Purchasers) will receive, pro rata in proportion to
the
number of shares of Common Stock owned by them, transferable rights to purchase,
in the aggregate, up to $51,100,000 of Common Stock to be issued by Wolverine
at
a price per share equal to the Conversion Price. If the gross proceeds to
Wolverine from the Rights Offering are less than $25,000,000, the Purchasers
have agreed to acquire additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock (“Standby
Shares”), at the price of $1,000 per share, in an amount such that the sum of
the total purchase price of such Standby Shares and the gross proceeds to
Wolverine from the Rights Offering will equal $25,000,000. The Standby Shares
(if applicable) must be purchased within 45 days after the closing of the Rights
Offering. If the Purchasers own Series A Preferred Stock (including any Standby
Shares, if applicable) representing less than 55% of the outstanding Common
Stock on an as-converted, fully diluted basis after the closing of the Rights
Offering, each Purchaser would have an option, exercisable until 90 days after
the closing of the Rights Offering, to purchase its pro rata share of the number
of additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock, at the price of $1,000 per
share, that would be sufficient to increase the Purchasers’ aggregate ownership
to 55% of Common Stock on an as-converted, fully diluted basis (“Option
Shares”).
 
Pursuant
to a Letter Agreement between the Purchasers entered into on January 31, 2007
(the “Letter Agreement”), the Company agreed to purchase a number of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock representing 20% of the Standby Shares, and Plainfield
agreed to purchase a number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock representing
80% of the Standby Shares, in each case if applicable. The Purchasers also
agreed that the Company would have the first option to purchase the Option
Shares, if applicable, up to an amount such that the Company’s aggregate equity
ownership of Wolverine acquired pursuant to the Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement, including any Standby Shares and Option Shares, if applicable, and
including any option to be issued to the Company under an incentive equity
plan
of Wolverine, equals 25% of the fully diluted equity of Wolverine. If the
Company exercises its option pursuant to the preceding sentence, the Company
also has the right, exercisable during the 60-day period following the
expiration of the right of the Purchasers to purchase Option Shares under the
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, to purchase from Plainfield up to a number
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and/or Common Stock such that the
Company’s aggregate equity ownership of Wolverine acquired pursuant to the
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, including such purchase from Plainfield
and
including any option to be issued to the Company under an incentive equity
plan
of Wolverine, equals 25% of the fully diluted equity of Wolverine.
 
The
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement also provides that Wolverine will conduct
a
registered exchange offer as promptly as practicable after the closing of the
Transaction. In the exchange offer, Wolverine will offer to issue $1,000
principal amount of senior notes similar to its existing 10.5% Senior Notes
due
2009, but with less restrictive covenants, in exchange for each $1,000 principal
amount of its 7.375% Senior Notes due 2008 validly tendered or such other
exchange of Wolverine’s outstanding debt securities for new securities as may be
agreed between Wolverine and the Purchasers. Wolverine will also seek consents
to amend the Indenture under which the 7.375% Senior Notes due 2008 were issued
to remove substantially all of the restrictive covenants contained therein.
Pursuant to the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers have agreed
that they will cause to be tendered all of the 7.375% Senior Notes due 2008
owned by them and at least $25,000,000 principal amount of the 7.375% Senior
Notes due 2008 in the exchange offer. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement,
Plainfield agreed to solely assume the obligation of the Purchasers to cause
to
be tendered at least $25,000,000 principal amount of the 7.375% Senior Notes
due
2008.
 

3

 
Four
of
the existing directors of Wolverine have agreed to resign from its board of
directors and the board of directors has resolved to reduce the number of
directors from eight members to seven and to appoint Steven S. Elbaum, Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, K. Mitchell Posner, Executive Vice
President of the Company, Alan Kestenbaum and Brett Young as directors to fill
the four vacancies remaining after the resignations and reduction of the size
of
the board of directors, all contingent upon the closing of the Transaction.
Mr.
Elbaum will become Wolverine’s Chairman. For so long as the voting rights of the
Purchasers are limited as described in the preceding paragraph and the
Purchasers collectively own in the aggregate at least 50% of the shares of
the
Series A Preferred Stock purchased at the closing of the Transaction or of
the
Common Stock issued upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock, Wolverine
has agreed that its board of directors will consist of not more than seven
members and that Wolverine will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure
that at least four persons designated by the Purchasers remain on the board
of
directors at all times.
 
In
order
to have a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock to issue upon
exercise of the rights distributed in connection with the rights offering
(including any Standby Shares and any Option Shares) and upon conversion of
the
Series A Preferred Stock, Wolverine will have to convene a meeting of its
stockholders to vote on an amendment of its Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from
40,000,000 to 175,000,000 (or such greater number as Wolverine’s board of
directors may authorize). The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will
be
entitled to vote at this meeting, subject to the limits described
above.
 
Wolverine
has agreed not to, in the period between the signing date and the closing date
of the Transaction:
 

o  

solicit
bids or initiate offers or discussions or negotiations with,
or

 

o  

on
an unsolicited basis furnish or cause to be furnished any information
concerning Wolverine to,

 

4

any
other
person relating to any proposal with respect to any merger or consolidation
of
Wolverine with any other person, the acquisition or disposition of any
securities or any significant portion of the assets and properties of Wolverine,
or any liquidation, dissolution, restructuring or recapitalization of Wolverine
(an “Alternative Restructuring”). However, Wolverine will be released from these
restrictions if Wolverine’s board of directors determines that any Alternative
Restructuring is superior to the transactions contemplated by the Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement and if the board of directors determines that in the
exercise of its fiduciary duties it is required to pursue that Alternative
Restructuring.
 
The
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement may be terminated in the following
circumstances:
 

o  

by
the mutual consent of Wolverine and each Purchaser (so long as Wolverine
is not in material breach of any of the provisions of the Preferred
Stock
Purchase Agreement);

 

o  

by
any Purchaser if the closing of the Transaction has not occurred
by
February 28, 2007 or if Wolverine is in material breach of its obligations
under the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement;
or

 

o  

by
Wolverine, if necessary to pursue an Alternative Restructuring in
accordance with the preceding
paragraph.

 
Pursuant
to the Letter Agreement, if any Purchaser elects to terminate the Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement because the closing of the Transaction has not occurred
by February 28, 2007, then the non-terminating Purchaser may elect to accept
an
assignment of all of such terminating Purchaser’s rights and obligations under
the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, in which case the Preferred Stock
Purchase Agreement shall not be terminated.
 
Wolverine
has agreed to reimburse the Purchasers for certain fees and expenses incurred
by
them in connection with the Transaction. In addition, Wolverine will be
obligated to pay the Investors a termination fee of $4,000,000, less the amount
of certain expenses reimbursed, if the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement is
terminated prior to the closing in the following circumstances:
 

o  

any
Purchaser terminates the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement because
Wolverine has violated its obligations with respect to Alternative
Restructurings;

 

o  

any
Purchaser terminates the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement if the
closing
of the Transaction has not occurred by February 28, 2007 (unless
the
failure to close by that date is due solely to a breach of the Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement by such Purchaser) or if Wolverine is in
material
breach of its obligations under the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement,
and in either case Wolverine consummates an Alternative Restructuring
within one year after the termination;
or

 

o  

Wolverine
terminates the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement to pursue an Alternative
Transaction as permitted by the Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement.

 

5

Pursuant
to a Registration Rights Agreement to be entered into by Wolverine and the
Purchasers at the closing of the Transaction (the “Registration Rights
Agreement”), Wolverine will agree to file a shelf registration statement
registering the resale of the Series A Preferred Stock and the shares of Common
Stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible and to grant one
“demand” registration right and unlimited “piggyback” registration rights to the
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and any Common Stock into which the
Series A Preferred Stock is convertible.
 
At
the
closing of the Transaction, Wolverine and the Company will enter into an
agreement for a two-year period (the “Management Agreement”) pursuant to which
the Company will provide Wolverine with certain services in exchange for an
annual fee of $1,250,000 and reimbursement of reasonable and customary expenses
incurred by Wolverine.
 
The
representations and warranties in the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement are
the
product of negotiations among Wolverine and the Purchasers and are for the
sole
benefit of the parties thereto. Any inaccuracies in such representations and
warranties are subject to waiver by the parties to the Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement in accordance with the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement without
notice or liability to any other person. In some instances, the representations
and warranties in the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement may represent an
allocation among Wolverine and the Purchasers of risks associated with
particular matters regardless of the knowledge of any of the parties to the
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. Consequently, persons other than Wolverine
and the Purchasers may not rely upon the representations and warranties in
the
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement as characterizations of actual facts or
circumstances as of the date of the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement or as
of
any other date.
 
Under
the
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, prior to the closing of the Transaction,
Wolverine and Johann R. Manning, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer
of
Wolverine, will enter into a separation agreement (the “Separation Agreement”)
pursuant to which Mr. Manning will resign as President and Chief Executive
Officer effective on the closing date of the Transaction, provided that the
Transaction closes on or before February 28, 2007 (the “Resignation Date”).
Harold
M.
Karp, Senior Vice President of the Company, will become Wolverine’s President
and Chief Operating Officer .
 
In
addition, under the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, prior to the closing
of
the Transaction, Wolverine and Mr. Manning will also enter into a consulting
agreement (the “Consulting Agreement”) whereby Mr. Manning will provide
consulting and advisory services to Wolverine following the closing of the
Transaction, provided that the Transaction closes on or before February 28,
2007.
 

6

The
foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement and the related agreements attached as exhibits thereto
to be entered into at the closing of the Transaction and the Letter Agreement.
The Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, including the exhibits thereto, is
filed
as Exhibit 10.1 to this report. The Letter Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.2
to
this report.
 
Item
9.01   Financial
Statements and Exhibits
 
 

(d)
Exhibit
No.
 
Description

 
 
 
 

 
10.1
 

Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 31, 2007 by and among
The
Alpine Group, Inc., Plainfield Special Situations Master Fund Limited
and
Wolverine Tube, Inc. (the “Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement”).

 
 
 
 

 
10.2
 
Letter Agreement dated as of January
31, 2007
between The Alpine Group, Inc. and Plainfield Special Situations Master
Fund Limited.

 
 
 
 

 
99.1
 
Press release, dated February 1, 2007,
issued
by The Alpine Group, Inc. announcing the execution and delivery of
the
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement.

 
 
*
* * * *
*
 
This
Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking statements, made pursuant
to
the “Safe Harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995, regarding the issuance and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock by
Wolverine Tube, Inc. Such statements are based on current expectations, as
well
as management’s beliefs and assumptions about Wolverine’s business and other
information currently available. These forward-looking statements are subject
to
various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, (i) Wolverine’s
stockholders’ approval of the amendment to its Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock,
(ii)
the level of participation by Wolverine’s stockholders in the proposed rights
offering, (iii) the satisfaction of the conditions to closing contained in
the
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, and (iv) changes in economic and business
conditions.   The
Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revision of any
forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances
occurring after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events.
 

7

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereto
duly authorized.

Date:
February 6, 2007

 
 
 

 
WOLVERINE
TUBE,
INC.

   
   
   

 
By:  
/s/ Stewart
H. Wahrsager

 

Stewart
H. Wahrsager

 

Senior
Vice President,
General
Counsel & Corporate
Secretary

 

8

EXHIBIT
INDEX
 

 
Exhibit
No.
 
Description

 
 
 
 

 
10.1
 

Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 31, 2007 by and
among The
Alpine Group, Inc., Plainfield Special Situations Master Fund
Limited and
Wolverine Tube, Inc. (the “Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement”).

 
 
 
 

 
10.2
 
Letter Agreement dated
as of
January 31, 2007 between The Alpine Group, Inc. and Plainfield Special
Situations Master Fund Limited.

 
 
 
 

 
99.1
 
Press release, dated
February 1,
2007, issued by The Alpine Group, Inc. announcing the execution and
delivery of the Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement.

 
 

9