EX1A-2A CHARTER 5 s1safe.htm   THIS INSTRUMENT AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUABLE PURSUANT HERETO HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “ SECURITIES ACT ”), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM.   SNM GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC.   SAFE   (Simple Agreement for Future Equity)   THIS CERTIFIES THAT in exchange for the payment by _______________________________ (the “ Investor ”) of $________________ (the “ Purchase Amount ”) on or about _____________, SNM Global Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “ Company ”), hereby issues to the Investor the right to certain shares of the Company’s capital stock, subject to the terms set forth below.   The “ Discount Rate ” is fifty percent (50%).   See Section 2 for certain additional defined terms.   1.       Events   (a)  Equity Financing . If there is an Equity Financing before the expiration or termination of this instrument, the Company will automatically issue to the Investor a number of shares of Safe Stock equal to the Purchase Amount divided by the Discount Price. For every two (2) Safe Stock shares issued per the terms of this Agreement, the Investor shall also be issued one (1) warrant with an exercise price equal to the Discount Price.     In connection with the issuance of Safe Stock by the Company to the Investor pursuant to this Section 1(a):   (i) The Investor will execute and deliver to the Company all transaction documents related to the Equity Financing; provided, that such documents are the same documents to be entered into with the purchasers of Common Stock, with appropriate variations for the Common Stock if applicable, and provided further, that such documents have customary exceptions to any drag-along applicable to the Investor, including, without limitation, limited representations and warranties and limited liability and indemnification obligations on the part of the Investor; and   (ii) The Investor and the Company will execute a Pro Rata Rights Agreement, unless the Investor is already included in such rights in the transaction documents related to the Equity Financing.    (b)  Liquidity Event . If there is a Liquidity Event before the expiration or termination of this instrument, the Investor will, at its option, either (i) receive a cash payment equal to the Purchase Amount (subject to the following paragraph) or (ii) automatically receive from the Company a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price, if the Investor fails to select the cash option.    In connection with Section (b)(i), the Purchase Amount will be due and payable by the Company to the Investor immediately prior to, or concurrent with, the consummation of the Liquidity Event. If there are not enough funds to pay the Investor and holders of other Safes (collectively, the “ Cash-Out Investors ”) in full, then all of the Company’s available funds will be distributed with equal priority and pro rata among the Cash-Out Investors in proportion to their Purchase Amounts, and the Cash-Out Investors will automatically receive the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the remaining unpaid Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price. In connection with a Change of Control intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization, the Company may reduce, pro rata , the Purchase Amounts payable to the Cash-Out Investors by the amount determined by its board of directors in good faith to be advisable for such Change of Control to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and in such case, the Cash-Out Investors will automatically receive the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the remaining unpaid Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price.           (c)  Piggyback Rights . If at any time during Term of this Agreement, the Company proposes to register any of its equity securities under the Securities Act (except pursuant to a registration statement filed on Form S-1, Form S-4, Form S-8, Form S-14 or Form S-15 or such other form as shall be prescribed under such Act for the same purposes or for any exchange offer), the Company shall will use its best efforts to effect the registration of the Safe Stock by including such shares in such registration statement to the extent requisite to permit the sale or other disposition of such shares.    (d) Dissolution Event . If there is a Dissolution Event before this instrument expires or terminates, the Company will pay an amount equal to the Purchase Amount, due and payable to the Investor immediately prior to, or concurrent with, the consummation of the Dissolution Event. The Purchase Amount will be paid prior and in preference to any Distribution of any of the assets of the Company to holders of outstanding Capital Stock by reason of their ownership thereof. If immediately prior to the consummation of the Dissolution Event, the assets of the Company legally available for distribution to the Investor and all holders of all other Safes (the “ Dissolving Investors ”), as determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors, are insufficient to permit the payment to the Dissolving Investors of their respective Purchase Amounts, then the entire assets of the Company legally available for distribution will be distributed with equal priority and pro rata among the Dissolving Investors in proportion to the Purchase Amounts they would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 1(c).    (d)  Termination . This instrument will expire and terminate (without relieving the Company of any obligations arising from a prior breach of or non-compliance with this instrument) upon either (i) the issuance of stock to the Investor pursuant to Section 1(a) or Section 1(b)(ii); or (ii) the payment, or setting aside for payment, of amounts due the Investor pursuant to Section 1(b)(i) or Section 1(c).   2.      Definitions    “ Capital Stock ” means the capital stock of the Company, including, without limitation, the “ Common Stock ” and the “ Preferred Stock .”    “ Change of Control ” means (i) a transaction or series of related transactions in which any “person” or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Company having the right to vote for the election of members of the Company’s board of directors, (ii) any reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company, other than a transaction or series of related transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction or series of related transactions retain, immediately after such transaction or series of related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities of the Company or such other surviving or resulting entity or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.    “ Discount Price ” means the price per share of the Common Stock sold in the Equity Financing multiplied by the Discount Rate.    - 2 -      “ Distribution ” means the transfer to holders of Capital Stock by reason of their ownership thereof of cash or other property without consideration whether by way of dividend or otherwise, other than dividends on Common Stock payable in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of Capital Stock by the Company or its subsidiaries for cash or property other than: (i) repurchases of Common Stock held by employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company or its subsidiaries pursuant to an agreement providing, as applicable, a right of first refusal or a right to repurchase shares upon termination of such service provider’s employment or services; or (ii) repurchases of Capital Stock in connection with the settlement of disputes with any stockholder.    “ Dissolution Event ” means (i) a voluntary termination of operations, (ii) a general assignment for the benefit of the Company’s creditors or (iii) any other liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company ( excluding a Liquidity Event), whether voluntary or involuntary.    “ Equity Financing ” means a bona fide transaction or series of transactions with the principal purpose of raising capital, pursuant to which the Company issues and sells Common Stock at a fixed pre-money valuation, including any public offering accepted, qualified and/or otherwise deemed effective by the SEC.    “ Liquidity Event ” means a Change of Control.    “ Liquidity Price ” means the price per share equal to: the fair market value of the Common Stock at the time of the Liquidity Event, as determined by reference to the purchase price payable in connection with such Liquidity Event, multiplied by the Discount Rate.    “ Pro Rata Rights Agreement ” means a written agreement between the Company and the Investor (and holders of other Safes, as appropriate) giving the Investor a right to purchase its pro rata share of private placements of securities by the Company occurring after the Equity Financing , subject to customary exceptions. Pro rata for purposes of the Pro Rata Rights Agreement will be calculated based on the ratio of (1) the number of shares of Capital Stock owned by the Investor immediately prior to the issuance of the securities to (2) the total number of shares of outstanding Capital Stock on a fully diluted basis, calculated as of immediately prior to the issuance of the securities.       “ Safe ” means an instrument containing a future right to shares of Capital Stock, similar in form and content to this instrument, purchased by investors for the purpose of funding the Company’s business operations.    “ Safe Stock ” means the shares of Common Stock issued to the Investor in an Equity Financing, having the identical rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions as the shares of Common Stock, other than with respect to: (i) the per share liquidation preference and the conversion price for purposes of price-based anti-dilution protection, which will equal the Discount Price; and (ii) the basis for any dividend rights, which will be based on the Discount Price.    “ Common Stock ” means the shares of Common Stock issued to the investors investing new money in the Company in connection with the initial closing of the Equity Financing.   3.      Company Representations    (a) The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and carry on its business as now conducted.    (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this instrument is within the power of the Company and, other than with respect to the actions to be taken when equity is to be issued to the Investor, has been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of the Company. This instrument constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity. To the knowledge of the Company, it is not in violation of (i) its current certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) any material statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or (iii) any material indenture or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, where, in each case, such violation or default, individually, or together with all such violations or defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.    - 3 -     (c) The performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this instrument do not and will not: (i) violate any material judgment, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company; (ii) result in the acceleration of any material indenture or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien upon any property, asset or revenue of the Company or the suspension, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license or authorization applicable to the Company, its business or operations.   (d) No consents or approvals are required in connection with the performance of this instrument, other than: (i) the Company’s corporate approvals; (ii) any qualifications or filings under applicable securities laws; and (iii) necessary corporate approvals for the authorization of Capital Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.   (e) To its knowledge, the Company owns or possesses (or can obtain on commercially reasonable terms) sufficient legal rights to all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, information, processes and other intellectual property rights necessary for its business as now conducted and as currently proposed to be conducted, without any conflict with, or infringement of the rights of, others.   4.       Limitations and Leak-out Provisions   The Investor understands and agrees that any and all Safe Stocks purchased pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to certain limitation regarding the sale of the same as follows:   (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, and except as Investor may be otherwise restricted from selling Safe Stocks under applicable federal or state securities laws, rules and regulations and Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) interpretations thereof, Investor may only publicly sell Safe Stocks derived from the Agreement subject to the following conditions, commencing on the execution and delivery of the Safe Stocks derived herefrom for the twenty-four (24) month period following the effective date of a Form S-1 Registration Statement to be filed by the Company with the SEC (the “Lock-Up/Leak-Out Period”):   i. The Investor shall not be allowed to sell any Safe Stocks for three (3) months subsequent to the effective date of a Form S-1 Registration Statement to be filed by the Company with the SEC (the “Lock-Up Period”);   ii. Subsequent to the Lock-Up Period, the Investor, regardless of whether the Investor is then an “affiliate” of the Company and regardless of the free trading status of the underlying Safe Stocks per the terms of the Registration Statement, shall only publicly sell Safe Stocks of the Investor’s pursuant to and in full compliance with the provisions of subparagraphs c(i) of Rule 144 regarding “current public information” and (e)(1)(i) of Rule 144, regarding limiting the sales volume during each three month period thereafter to 1% of the total outstanding shares of the Company, for the next twelve (12) months (the “Leak-Out Period”) following the Lock-Up Period. The Investor further agrees to limit the aggregate sales in a single day to no more than 5% of the daily volume average for the 5 previous trading days, unless otherwise waived, in writing, by the Company.    - 4 -     iii. An appropriate legend describing this Agreement shall be imprinted on each stock certificate representing the Safe Stocks covered hereby, and the transfer records of the Company’s transfer agent shall reflect such appropriate restrictions.   iv. The Investor agrees that they will not engage in any short selling of the Common Stock of the Company during the Lock-Up/Leak-Out Period.   v. Any transferee of any of the Safe Stocks of the Investor that is covered by this Agreement in a private sale shall be subject to (i) the receipt by the Company of a legal opinion from legal counsel satisfactory to the Company to the effect that the private sale complies with the so-called Section 4(1-1/2) exemption from the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the same resale conditions of this Agreement respecting the resale of any Safe Stock acquired from the Investor, and for all such purposes, any such transferee shall be a “Investor” as defined herein; and provided further, all private sales made during the Lock-Up Period or the Leak-Out Period shall be first deducted from the Common Stock which the Investor can sell during the Leak-Out Period and be accounted for as part of the Common Stock that the Investor can sell under subparagraph (e) of Rule 144.   5.    Investor Representations    (a) The Investor has full legal capacity, power and authority to execute and deliver this instrument and to perform its obligations hereunder. This instrument constitutes valid and binding obligation of the Investor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity.    (b) The Investor is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The Investor has been advised that this instrument and the underlying securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, or any state securities laws and, therefore, cannot be resold unless they are registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or unless an exemption from such registration requirements is available. The Investor is purchasing this instrument and the securities to be acquired by the Investor hereunder for its own account for investment, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof, and the Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the Investor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investment, is able to incur a complete loss of such investment without impairing the Investor’s financial condition and is able to bear the economic risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time.   6.    Miscellaneous    (a)   Any provision of this instrument may be amended, waived or modified only upon the written consent of the Company and the Investor.    (b) Any notice required or permitted by this instrument will be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or by overnight courier or sent by email to the relevant address listed on the signature page, or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address listed on the signature page, as subsequently modified by written notice.    (c) The Investor is not entitled, as a holder of this instrument, to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Capital Stock for any purpose, nor will anything contained herein be construed to confer on the Investor, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive subscription rights or otherwise until shares have been issued upon the terms described herein.    - 5 -      (d) Neither this instrument nor the rights contained herein may be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, by either party without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however , that this instrument and/or the rights contained herein may be assigned without the Company’s consent by the Investor to any other entity who directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Investor, including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, officer or director of the Investor, or any venture capital fund now or hereafter existing which is controlled by one or more general partners or managing members of, or shares the same management company with, the Investor; and provided, further , that the Company may assign this instrument in whole, without the consent of the Investor, in connection with a reincorporation to change the Company’s domicile.    (e) In the event that any portion of this Agreement is deemed invalid or otherwise problematic under SEC review, the value of the shares purchased herein shall immediately this Agreement shall immediately convert into a convertible promissory note with provisions, rights and restrictions equal to those rights and obligations stated herein.     (f)  In the event any one or more of the provisions of this instrument is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part or in any respect, or in the event that any one or more of the provisions of this instrument operate or would prospectively operate to invalidate this instrument, then and in any such event, such provision(s) only will be deemed null and void and will not affect any other provision of this instrument and the remaining provisions of this instrument will remain operative and in full force and effect and will not be affected, prejudiced, or disturbed thereby.    (g) All rights and obligations hereunder will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of such jurisdiction.    (h) This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.   ( Signature page follows )    - 6 -     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this instrument to be duly executed and delivered.         SNM GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC.       By:           Name: Brian Hale         Title: Vice President         Address: 7950 NW 53 RD ST, STE 337           Miami, FL 33166         Email: bhale@snmholdings.com     INVESTOR:           By:           Name:           Title:           Address:                       Email: