ld by Seller, reflecting a valuation of $6,000,000; and $500,000 shall be invested in the Company by form of a Simple Agreement For Future Equity (“SAFE”), providing a 20% discount of the price per share set in connection with a trigger event for conversion of the SAFE into equity of Kokomodo and a pre-money valuation cap of $5,500,000 in connection with such conversion.   1     The closing of the Kokomodo Transaction is subject to, among other conditions, the completion of customary closing conditions, compliance with any regulatory and corporate approvals, including receipt of shareholder approval.   The securities issued with respect to the Kokomodo Transaction are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated thereunder. The securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration.   This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.   The foregoing descriptions of the Share Purchase Agreement, Assignment Agreement and Leak-Out Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Share Purchase Agreement, form of Assignment Agreement and form of Leak-Out Agreement, copies of which are filed as 10.1, 10.2, and 99.1, respectively.   Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.   The response to this item is included in Item 1.01, Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, and is incorporated herein in its entirety.   Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.   (d) Exhibits   Exhibit No.   Description 10.1   Form of Share Purchase Agreement 10.2   Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement 99.1   Form of Leak-Out Agreement 104    Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)    2     Safe Harbor Statement   This Current Report on Form 8-K contains express or implied forward-looking statements within the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other U.S. Federal securities laws. For example, the Company is using forward-looking statements when it discusses the expected closing of the Kokomodo Transaction; that the Kokomodo Transaction will be compliant with any regulatory and corporate approvals, including shareholder approval; and the potential implications and transactions that may occur in case that the transactions under the Share Purchase Agreement are not consummated. These forward-looking statements and their implications are based on the current expectations of the management of the Company only and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements about the Company: the conditions to the closing of the Kokomodo Transaction, including shareholder approval, may not be met; changes in technology and market requirements; the Company may encounter delays or obstacles in launching and/or successfully completing its clinical trials, if necessary; the Company’s products may not be approved by regulatory agencies; the Company’s technology may not be validated as it progresses further and its methods may not be accepted by the scientific community; the Company may be unable to retain or attract key em