ction or series of related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities of the Company or such other surviving or resulting entity or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company.   “Company Capitalization” is calculated as of immediately prior to the Equity Financing and (without double-counting):   ● Includes all shares of Capital Stock issued and outstanding;   ● Includes all Converting Securities;   ● Includes all (i) issued and outstanding Options and (ii) Promised Options;   ● Includes the Unissued Option Pool; and   - 2 -     POST-MONEY VALUATION CAP WITH DISCOUNT   “ Conversion Price ” means either: (1) the Safe Price or (2) the Discount Price, whichever calculation results in a greater number of shares of Safe Preferred Stock.   “ Converting Securities ” includes this Safe and other convertible securities issued by the Company, including but not limited to: (i) other Safes; (ii) convertible promissory notes and other convertible debt instruments; and (iii) convertible securities that have the right to convert into shares of Capital Stock.   “ Discount Price ” means the price per share of the Standard Preferred Stock sold in the Equity Financing multiplied by the Discount Rate.   “ Dissolution Event ” means (i) a voluntary termination of operations, (ii) a general assignment for the benefit of the Company’s creditors or (iii) any other liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company ( excluding a Liquidity Event), whether voluntary or involuntary.   “ Dividend Amount ” means, with respect to any date on which the Company pays a dividend on its outstanding Common Stock, the amount of such dividend that is paid per share of Common Stock multiplied by (x) the Purchase Amount divided by (y) the Liquidity Price (treating the dividend date as a Liquidity Event solely for purposes of calculating such Liquidity Price).   “ Equity Financing ” means a bona fide transaction or series of transactions with the principal purpose of raising capital, pursuant to which the Company issues and sells Preferred Stock at a fixed valuation, including but not limited to, a pre-money or post-money valuation.   “ Initial Public Offering ” means the closing of the Company’s first firm commitment underwritten initial public offering of Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act.   “ Liquidity Capitalization ” is calculated as of immediately prior to the Liquidity Event, and (without double- counting):     ● Includes all shares of Capital Stock issued and outstanding;   ● Includes all (i) issued and outstanding Options and (ii) to the extent receiving Proceeds, Promised Options;   ● Includes all Converting Securities, other than any Safes and other convertible securities (including without limitation shares of Preferred Stock) where the holders of such securities are receiving Cash-Out Amounts or similar liquidation preference payments in lieu of Conversion Amounts or similar “as-converted” payments; and   ● Excludes the Unissued Option Pool.   “ Liquidity Event ” means a Change of Control or an Initial Public Offering.   “ Liquidity Price ” means the price per share equal to the Post-Money Valuation Cap divided by the Liquidity Capitalization.   “ Options ” includes options, restricted stock awards or purchases, RSUs, SARs, warrants or similar securities, vested or unvested.   “ Proceeds ” means cash and other assets (including without limitation stock consideration) that are proceeds from the Liquidity Event or the Dissolution Event, as applicable, and legally available for distribution.   “ Promised Options ” means promised but ungranted   - 3 -     POST-MONEY VALUATION CAP WITH DISCOUNT   