on or series of related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities of the Company or such other surviving or resulting entity or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 	   “ Company Capitalization ” is calculated as of immediately prior to the Equity Financing and (without double-counting, in each case calculated on an as-converted to Common Stock basis):   ● Includes all shares of Capital Stock issued and outstanding;   ● Includes all (i) issued and outstanding Options and (ii) Promised Options; and   ● Includes the Unissued Option Pool, except that any increase to the Unissued Option Pool in connection with the Equity Financing will only be included to the extent that the number of Promised Options exceeds the Unissued Option Pool prior to such increase.   - 2 -      “ Conversion Price ” means the either: (1) the Safe Price or (2) the Discount Price, whichever calculation results in a greater number of shares of the applicable Safe Capital Stock.   “ Converting Securities ” includes this Safe and other convertible securities issued by the Company, including but not limited to: (i) other Safes; (ii) convertible promissory notes and other convertible debt instruments; and (iii) convertible securities that have the right to convert into shares of Capital Stock.   “ Direct Listing ” means the Company’s initial listing of its Common Stock (other than Common Stock not eligible for resale under Rule 144 under the Securities Act) on a national securities exchange by means of an effective registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company with the SEC that registers existing Capital Stock of the Company for resale, as approved by the Company’s board of directors. For the avoidance of doubt, a Direct Listing shall not be deemed to be an underwritten offering and shall not involve any underwriting services.   “ Discount Price ” means the lowest price per share of the Capital Stock sold in the Equity Financing multiplied by the Discount Rate.   “ Dissolution Event ” means (i) a voluntary termination of operations, (ii) a general assignment for the benefit of the Company’s creditors or (iii) any other liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company ( excluding a Liquidity Event), whether voluntary or involuntary.   “ Dividend Amount ” means, with respect to any date on which the Company pays a dividend on its outstanding Common Stock, the amount of such dividend that is paid per share of Common Stock multiplied by (x) the Purchase Amount divided by (y) the Liquidity Price (treating the dividend date as a Liquidity Event solely for purposes of calculating such Liquidity Price).   “ Equity Financing ” means a Qualified Equity Financing or a Non-Qualified Equity Financing.   “ Initial Public Offering ” means the closing of the Company’s first firm commitment underwritten initial public offering of Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act.   “ Liquidity Capitalization ” is calculated as of immediately prior to the Liquidity Event, and (without double- counting, in each case calculated on an as-converted to Common Stock basis):   · Includes all shares of Capital Stock issued and outstanding;   · Includes all (i) issued and outstanding Options and (ii) to the extent receiving Proceeds, Promised Options; and   · Excludes the Unissued Option Pool.   “ Liquidity Event ” means a Change of Control, a Direct Listing, or an Initial Public Offering, as applicable.   “ Liquidity Price ” means the price per share equal to the Post-Money Valuation Cap divided by the Liquidity Capitalization.   “ Non-Qualified Equity Financing ” means any bona fide transaction or series of transactions