reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or similar plan; (ii) this instrument; (iii) other Safes; and (iv) convertible promissory notes. " Liquidity Event " means a Change of Control or an Initial Public Offering. " Liquidity Price " means the price per share equal to the Valuation Cap divided by the Liquidity Capitalization. " Next Equity Financing Price " shall mean (x) if the pre-money valuation of the Company immediately prior to the Next Equity Financing is less than or equal to the Valuation Cap, the lowest price per share of the Equity Securities sold in the Next Equity Financing or (y) if the pre-money valuation of the Company immediately prior to the Next Equity Financing is greater than the Valuation Cap, the SAFE Price. " Next Equity Financing " means the next sale (or series of related sales) by the Company of its Equity Securities following the date of issuance of this SAFE from which the Company receives gross proceeds of not less than US$1,000,000 (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, all proceeds from the incurrence of indebtedness that is converted into Preferred Stock or otherwise cancelled in consideration for the issuance of such Preferred Stock) with the principal purpose of raising capital. " Preferred Stock " means all series of the Company's preferred stock, whether now existing or hereafter created. " SAFE " means any simple agreement for future equity (or other similar agreement), including a Crowd SAFE, which is issued by the Company for bona fide financing purposes and which may convert into Equity Interests in accordance with its terms. " SAFE Price " means the price per share equal to (x) the Valuation Cap divided by (y) the Fully Diluted Capitalization. 3.   Company Representations (a)   The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and carry on its business as now conducted. (b)   The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this instrument is within the power of the Company and, other than with respect to the actions to be taken when equity is to be issued to the Investor, has been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of the Company. This instrument constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and general principles of equity. To the knowledge of the Company, it is not in violation of (i) its current certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) any material statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or (iii) any material indenture or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, where, in each case, such violation or default, individually, or together with all such violations or defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company. (c)   The performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this instrument do not and will not: (i) violate any material judgment, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company; (ii) result in the acceleration of any material indenture or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien upon any property, asset or revenue of the Company or the suspension, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material permit, license or authorization applicable to the Company, its business or operations. (d)   No consents or approvals are required in connection with the performance of 