olely for purposes of calculating such Liquidity Price).   “ Equity Financing ” means a bona fide transaction or series of transactions with the principal purpose of raising capital, pursuant to which the Company issues and sells Preferred Stock at a fixed valuation, including but not limited to, a pre-money or post-money valuation.   “ Initial Public Offering ” means the closing of the Company’s first firm commitment underwritten initial public offering of Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act.   “ Liquidity Capitalization ” is calculated as of immediately prior to the Liquidity Event, and (without double- counting, in each case calculated on an as-converted to Common Stock basis):   ● Includes all shares of Capital Stock issued and outstanding; ● Includes all (i) issued and outstanding Options and (ii) to the extent receiving Proceeds, Promised Options; ● Includes all Converting Securities, other than any Safes and other convertible securities (including without limitation shares of Preferred Stock) where the holders of such securities are receiving Cash-Out Amounts or similar liquidation preference payments in lieu of Conversion Amounts or similar “as-converted” payments; and ● Excludes the Unissued Option Pool.   “ Liquidity Event ” means a Change of Control, a Direct Listing or an Initial Public Offering.   “ Liquidity Price ” means the price per share equal to the Post-Money Valuation Cap divided by the Liquidity Capitalization.   “ Options ” includes options, restricted stock awards or purchases, RSUs, SARs, warrants or similar securities, vested or unvested.   “ Proceeds ” means cash and other assets (including without limitation stock consideration) that are proceeds from the Liquidity Event or the Dissolution Event, as applicable, and legally available for distribution.   “ Promised Options ” means promised but ungranted Options that are the greater of those (i) promised pursuant to agreements or understandings made prior to the execution of, or in connection with, the term sheet or letter of intent for the Equity Financing or Liquidity Event, as applicable (or the initial closing of the Equity Financing or consummation of the Liquidity Event, if there is no term sheet or letter of intent), (ii) in the case of an Equity Financing, treated as outstanding Options in the calculation of the Standard Preferred Stock’s price per share, or (iii) in the case of a Liquidity Event, treated as outstanding Options in the calculation of the distribution of the Proceeds.   “ Safe ” means an instrument containing a future right to shares of Capital Stock, similar in form and content to this instrument, purchased by investors for the purpose of funding the Company’s business operations. References to “this Safe” mean this specific instrument.   “ Safe Preferred Stock ” means the shares of the series of Preferred Stock issued to the Investor in an Equity Financing, having the identical rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions as the shares of Standard Preferred Stock, other than with respect to: (i) the per share liquidation preference and the initial conversion price for purposes of price-based anti-dilution protection, which will equal the Safe Price; and (ii) the basis for any dividend rights, which will be based on the Safe Price.   - 3 -   “ Safe Price ”means the price per share equal to the Post-Money Valuation Cap divided by the Company Capitalization.   “S tandard Preferred Stock ” means the shares of the series of Preferred Stock issued to the investors investing new money in the Company in connection with the initial closing of the Equity Financing.   “ Unissued Option Pool ” means all shares of Capital Stock that are reserved, available for future grant and not subject to any 