ty Event solely for purposes of calculating such Liquidity Price).   “Equity Financing ” means a bona fide transaction or series of transactions with the principal purpose of raising capital, pursuant to which the Company issues and sells Shares at a fixed valuation, including but not limited to, a pre-money or post-money valuation.   “Initial Public Offering ” means the closing of the Company’s first firm commitment underwritten offering pursuant to which all or any of the Shares or securities representing those Shares (including without limitation depositary interests, American depositary receipts, American depositary shares and/or other instruments) are admitted to trading on the NASDAQ Stock Market of the NASDAQ OMX Group Inc. or the New York Stock Exchange or the Official List of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority or the AIM Market operated by the London Stock Exchange Plc or any other recognized investment exchange (as defined in section 285 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000).   2     “Liquidity Capitalisation ” is calculated as of immediately prior to the Liquidity Event or Longstop Date (as applicable), and (without double- counting, in each case calculated on an as-converted to Ordinary Shares basis):     ● Includes all Shares issued and outstanding;   ● Includes all (i) issued and outstanding Options and (ii) to the extent receiving Proceeds, Promised Options;   ● Includes all Converting Securities, other than  any Safes and other convertible securities (including without limitation Senior Shares) where the holders of such securities are receiving Cash-Out Amounts or similar liquidation preference payments in lieu of Conversion Amounts or similar “as-converted” payments; and   ● Excludes the Unissued Option Pool.   “Liquidity Event ” means an Asset Sale, Change of Control, a Direct Listing or an Initial Public Offering.   “Liquidity Price ” means the price per share equal to the Post-Money Valuation Cap divided by the Liquidity Capitalisation.   “Options ” includes options, restricted stock awards or purchases, RSUs, SARs, warrants or similar securities, vested or unvested.   “Ordinary Shares ” means the ordinary shares of £0.00001 each in the capital of the Company.   “Preferred Shares ” means any Shares (other than the Ordinary Shares and any Deferred Shares) which grant the holders any liquidation preference and/or anti-dilution rights in respect of such Shares;   “Proceeds ” means cash and other assets (including without limitation share consideration) that are proceeds from the Liquidity Event or the Dissolution Event, as applicable, and legally available for distribution.   “Promised Options ” means promised but ungranted Options that are the greater of those (i) promised pursuant to agreements or understandings made prior to the execution of, or in connection with, the term sheet or letter of intent for the Equity Financing or Liquidity Event, as applicable (or the initial closing of the Equity Financing or consummation of the Liquidity Event, if there is no term sheet or letter of intent), (ii) in the case of an Equity Financing, treated as outstanding Options in the calculation of the Senior Share’s price per share, or (iii) in the case of a Liquidity Event, treated as outstanding Options in the calculation of the distribution of the Proceeds.   “Safe ” means an instrument containing a future right to Shares, similar in form and content to this instrument, entered into by investors for the purpose of funding the Company’s business operations. References to “this Safe” mean this specific instrument.   “Safe Price ” means the price per share equal to the Post-Money Valuation Cap divided by the Company Capitalisation.   “Safe Shares ” means the Shares issued to the Investor in an Equity Fin