n Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market or the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, subject to certain limitations and restrictions for a period commencing on the date of closing of the Kokomodo Transaction and ending on the earlier of (i) 36 months, (ii) the time when the Seller holder holds less than 10% of the outstanding shares of the Company or (iii) the occurrence of a breach of the Company’s commitment to register the Consideration Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”).   Additionally, the Share Purchase Agreement provides for a $1,500,000 breakup fee (the “Breakup Fee”), as a sole remedy (except for cases of fraud) in the event that the Kokomodo transaction under the Share Purchase Agreement is not consummated by May 23, 2025, as may be extended under certain terms by additional 90 days, but no later than July 23, 2025, for any reason other than due to certain defaults, breaches and/or the failure to perform certain undertakings by the Seller, as further described in the Share Purchase Agreement (provided that a termination notice and cure periods were provided in accordance with its terms thereof). The Breakup Fee shall be paid as follows: $1,000,000 shall be payable to Seller in consideration for the sale of the most senior class Company shares held by Seller, reflecting a valuation of $6,000,000; and $500,000 shall be invested in the Company by form of a Simple Agreement For Future Equity (“SAFE”), providing a 20% discount of the price per share set in connection with a trigger event for conversion of the SAFE into equity of Kokomodo and a pre-money valuation cap of $5,500,000 in connection with such conversion.   1     The closing of the Kokomodo Transaction is subject to, among other conditions, the completion of customary closing conditions, compliance with any regulatory and corporate approvals, including receipt of shareholder approval.   The securities issued with respect to the Kokomodo Transaction are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated thereunder. The securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration.   This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.   The foregoing descriptions of the Share Purchase Agreement, Assignment Agreement and Leak-Out Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Share Purchase Agreement, form of Assignment Agreement and form of Leak-Out Agreement, copies of which are filed as 10.1, 10.2, and 99.1, respectively.   Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.   The response to this item is included in Item 1.01, Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, and is incorporated herein in its entirety.   Item 9.01 F