ch written determination, this Safe shall convert into Ordinary Shares equal to the Purchase Amount divided by such Fair Value as determined by the Expert Valuer.   The Expert Valuer shall act as experts and not as arbitrators and their determination shall be final and binding on the parties (in the absence of fraud or manifest error). The Company will give the Expert Valuer access to all accounting records or other relevant documents of the Company subject to the Expert Valuer agreeing to such confidentiality provisions as the Company may reasonably impose.   Following any such valuation process and conversion, both the Company and the Investor shall work expeditiously to issue Capital Shares to the Investor.   (c) Liquidity Event . If there is a Liquidity Event before the termination of this Safe, this Safe will automatically be entitled (subject to the liquidation priority set forth in Section 1(e) below) to receive a portion of Proceeds, due and payable to the Investor immediately prior to, or concurrent with, the consummation of such Liquidity Event, equal to the Purchase Amount (the “ Cash-Out Amount ”). If any of the Company’s securityholders are given a choice as to the form and amount of Proceeds to be received in a Liquidity Event, the Investor will be given the same choice, provided that the Investor may not choose to receive a form of consideration that the Investor would be ineligible to receive as a result of the Investor’s failure to satisfy any requirement or limitation generally applicable to the Company’s securityholders, or under any applicable laws.     PRE-MONEY VALUATION CAP     Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with a Change of Control intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization, the Company may reduce the cash portion of Proceeds payable to the Investor by the amount determined by its board of directors in good faith for such Change of Control to qualify as a share reorganization for HM Revenue & Customs purposes, provided that such reduction (A) does not reduce the total Proceeds payable to such Investor and (B) is applied in the same manner and on a pro rata basis to all securityholders who have equal priority to the Investor under Section 1(e).   (d) Dissolution Event . If there is a Dissolution Event before the termination of this Safe, the Investor will automatically be entitled (subject to the liquidation priority set forth in Section 1(e) below) to receive a portion of Proceeds equal to the Cash-Out Amount, due and payable to the Investor immediately prior to the consummation of the Dissolution Event.   (e) Liquidation Priority . In a Liquidity Event or Dissolution Event, this Safe is intended to operate like Ordinary Shares. The Investor’s right to receive its Cash-Out Amount is:   (i)       Junior to payment of outstanding indebtedness and creditor claims, including contractual claims for payment; and   (ii)      On par with payments for other Safes and/or Ordinary Shares and if the applicable Proceeds are insufficient to permit full payments to the Investor and such other Safes and/or Ordinary Shares, the applicable Proceeds will be distributed pro rata to the Investor and such other Safes and