 such repurchase or upon the cashless exercise of options held by employees or consultants) for cash or property.   4.    Voting Rights . The holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shall not have any voting rights except as required by law.   5.    Liquidation Preference .   (a)    In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, each holder of a share of Series D Preferred Stock then outstanding shall participate with the holders of Common Stock on a pari passu basis in any assets of the Company available for distribution to the holders of Common Stock. (b)    A consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other corporation or corporations, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or the effectuation by the Company of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting shares of the Company are disposed of or conveyed, shall not be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up within the meaning of this Section 5 . In the event of the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation, the Series D Preferred Stock shall maintain its relative powers, designations and preferences provided for herein and no merger shall result which is inconsistent therewith.   5   (c)    Written notice of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, stating a payment date and the place where the distributable amounts shall be payable, shall be given by mail, postage prepaid, no less than forty-five (45) days prior to the payment date stated therein, to the holders of record of the Series D Preferred Stock at their respective addresses as the same shall appear on the books of the Company.   6.    Conversion . Each holder of Series D Preferred Stock shall have the following conversion rights (the “ Conversion Rights ”):   (a)    Right to Convert . At any time on or after the filing by the Company with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware of an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized Common Stock of the Company, or to authorize Substitute Common Stock, in an amount at least sufficient to effect the conversion of all authorized shares of Series D Preferred Stock into Common Stock or Substitute Common Stock, as the case may be (the “ Filing Date ”), the holder of any shares of Series D Preferred Stock may, at such holder’s option, elect to convert (a “ Voluntary Conversion ”) all or any portion of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock held by such person, subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 6(c) , into a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Conversion Common Stock, at the conversion ratio of one (1) share of Series D Preferred Stock for 191.02612143 shares of Conversion Common Stock, as adjusted from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Certificate of Designation (the “ Conversion Ratio ”).   In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the Conversion Rights shall terminate at the close of business on the last ful