o stockholders equity. None of the preferred shares are redeemable, but all are convertible into shares of common stock. The additional rights, preferences and privileges of the preferred stock are set forth below. Preferred Stock Dividends The Company’s convertible preferred stock includes “deemed liquidation” events that can trigger redemption of the preferred stock that are outside the control of the Company. If the Company was a publicly held company, such terms would require classification of the convertible preferred stock outside of permanent equity.   24 Rempex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   (A Development Stage Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 6. Stockholders’ Equity (continued) The holders of shares of the Series A and Series B preferred stock are entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends at the rate of 8% of the applicable original preferred stock purchase price per annum (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassification and the like with respect to such shares), as and if declared by the Company’s Board of Directors in preference to the common stock. The holders of the Series A and Series B preferred stock shall be entitled to participate pro rata in any dividends paid on the common stock on an as-converted basis. As of September 30, 2013, no dividends have been declared or paid. Preferred Stock Voting Rights Each holder of preferred stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which they are then convertible, which at September 30, 2013 and December 31, 2012 were 51,358,000 and 32,310,000 shares, respectively. In addition to any other vote or consent required by law, certain corporate actions require the separate vote of the Series A and Series B preferred shareholders voting as a single class. Preferred Stock Liquidation Preference Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, including a consolidation or merger and conveyance of substantially all of the assets of the Company, the holders of Series A and Series B preferred stock have a preference in liquidation over the common shareholders of $1.00 and $1.05 per share, respectively, (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, reclassification or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. If the assets of the Company are not sufficient to fulfill the Series A and Series B liquidation amount, the Series A and Series B stockholders will share ratably in the distribution of the assets on a pro rata basis on the liquidation amount. After the payment of the full liquidation preferences of the Series A and Series B preferred shareholders, as noted above, the assets of the Company legally available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the common stock and Series A and Series B preferred stock on an as-if-converted to common stock basis, provided that the aggregate amount which the preferred shareholders are entitled to receive shall not exceed the Maximum Participation Amount. The Maximum Participation Amount shall mean, (i) in the case of the Series A Preferred Stock, $3.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend, combination, reclassification, or similar event), and (ii) in the case of the Series B Preferred Stock, $3.15 per share of Series B Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend,   25 Rempex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   (A Development Stage Company) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 6. Stockholders’ Equity (continued) combination, reclassification, or similar event). In the event the aggregate amount which the preferred stockholders are entitled to receive exceeds the Maximum Participation Amount, then each holder of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive the greater of the Maximum Participation Amount or the amount such holder would have received if their shares were converted to common stock immediately prior to liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company.