Preferred Stock”).   F-22   Except as otherwise disclosed below, the rights, privileges and obligations of class A Common Stock and class B Common Stock are identical in all respects.   Dividends   Dividends on the Preferred Stock are payable if and when declared by the Board of Directors or upon a liquidation and are cumulative. In the event a dividend is declared, the Preferred Stock holders are entitled to receive, prior to any payment of dividends to holders of Common Stock, annual dividends in the amount of 10% of the face value of the Preferred Stock that accrue from the date of issuance of the Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock was originally assigned a face value of $1.00 per share for purposes of calculating the dividends and liquidation preference payable in respect of a share of Preferred Stock.   Any dividends that have accrued but remain unpaid at the end of any calendar year are added to the face value of the Preferred Stock. No dividends are to be paid on any Common Stock until all cumulative dividends have been paid. Thereafter, the holders of Preferred and Common Stock participate ratably in all dividends paid, on an as-converted basis. As of December 29, 2006, the Company had aggregate cumulative Preferred Stock dividends in arrears of $59.0 million.   Voting   Each holder of Preferred Stock is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the holders’ shares of Preferred Stock are convertible. If at any time the combined number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and class A Common Stock then outstanding is less than 51% of the total number of votes entitled to be cast by all holders of Preferred and Common Stock then outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and class A Common Stock are entitled to receive additional voting rights to increase their total votes to equal 51%.   Liquidation   In the event that the total assets available for distribution is less than 3.5 times the aggregate face value of the outstanding Preferred Stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, each holder of Preferred Stock is entitled to a liquidation preference equal to 1.0 times the face value of the shares of Preferred Stock held by such holder plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon. Any remaining assets are to be distributed; 86% to holders of Preferred Stock and 14% to the holders of Common Stock. In the event that the total assets available for distribution is greater than 3.5 times the aggregate face value of the outstanding Preferred Stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, the proceeds are to be distributed to the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock on a pro rata, as-converted basis.   Conversion   Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder, at any time into one share of Common Stock. Shares of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock convert into shares of class A and class B Common Stock, respectively. Upon the conversion of all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock into class A Common Stock, all shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically convert into shares of class B Common Stock. In the event of a closing of a firm commitment to underwrite a public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, each outstanding share of Preferred Stock converts automatically into class B Common Stock and each outstanding share of class A Common Stock and class B Common Stock shall be recapitalized into common stock.   Equity Incentive Plan   In May 2002, the Company adopted the Jazz Semiconductor, Inc. 2002 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Incentive Plan”), as subsequently amended in May 2004 and October 2005, that provides for the issuance of awards to purchase up to 17,647,000 shares of class B Common Stock. This amount will increase annually on the first day of each calendar year beginning in 2007 through 2011, by an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 3.5% of the number of outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year; (b) 10,000,000 shares, or (c) such lesser number of shares as is determined by 