ermined the estimated fair value of our common stock on the dates of grant based on several factors, including: progress against regulatory, clinical and product development milestones; sales of redeemable convertible preferred stock and the related liquidation preference associated with such preferred stock; changes in valuation of comparable publicly-traded companies; overall equity market conditions; and the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event such as an initial public offering or sale of our company. Based on these factors, we granted stock options during 2005 with exercise prices ranging from $0.80 to $1.50 per share.   In connection with the preparation of the financial statements necessary for our initial public offering, we obtained an independent valuation of our common stock at December 31, 2005. Based on this independent valuation and taking into consideration the factors outlined above, we subsequently determined that the fair value of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2005 ranged from $0.80 to $5.79 per share. Deferred stock-based compensation equals the difference between the subsequently determined fair value of our common stock on the date of grant and the exercise price, and is amortized on an accelerated basis to expense based on the vesting period of the options. From inception through December 31, 2005, we recorded deferred stock-based compensation of $1.4 million. At December 31, 2005, we had a total of $653,000 of deferred stock-based compensation remaining to be amortized. We expect to record stock-based compensation expense of $414,000, $160,000, $69,000, and $10,000 during the four years ending December 31, 2009. The amortization will be allocated between research and development expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses based upon the individual employees’ job function.   While our financial statements account for stock option grants pursuant to APB No. 25, in accordance with SFAS No. 123, we disclose in the footnotes to our financial statements the pro forma impact on our net loss had we accounted for stock option grants using the fair value method of accounting. This information is presented as if we had accounted for our employee stock options at fair value using the minimum value option-pricing model. Our use of the minimum value model was primarily due to our determination as to its appropriateness as well as its general acceptance as an option valuation technique for private companies.   31 Table of Contents Clinical Trial Accounting   We record accruals for estimated clinical trial expenses, comprised of payments for work performed by participating trial centers. These costs are a significant component of our research and development expenses. The costs of the trial are contractually determined based on the nature of the services to be provided. We accrue expenses for clinical trials based on estimates of work performed under our clinical trial contracts. These estimates are based on information provided by participating clinical trial centers. If the information provided is incomplete or inaccurate, we may underestimate expenses at a given point in time. To date, our es