Except as proved in this Section 2, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive any dividends, whether in cash, stock, or otherwise, with respect to any issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 3.   Liquidation Right .  In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding shall participate with the holders of Common Stock pari passu and shall be entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, an amount equal to (x) the liquidation amount payable with respect to each share of Common Stock multiplied by (y) the number of shares (and fraction of a share, if any) of Common Stock into which such share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible as of the record date for such liquidation distribution. 1 4.   Super Voting Rights . a.   Preferred Stock Voting Rights .  Each Share of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the Holder thereof to vote with the holders of Common Stock, voting together as a single class, with respect to any and all matters presented to the holders of Common Stock for their action, consideration or consent, whether at any special or annual meeting of stockholders, by written action of stockholders in lieu of a meeting (to the extent permitted by the Articles of Incorporation and the Colorado Business Corporation Act), or otherwise.  With respect to any such vote, each Share of Series A Preferred Stock held on the record date for determining the stockholders of the Corporation eligible to participate in such vote shall entitle the Holder thereof to cast 50 votes, subject to adjustment pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 4 (such number of votes, the “ Preferred Stock Voting Ratio ”). b.   Limitations on Amendments to the Certificate of Designation .  For so long as any Shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the written consent or affirmative vote at a meeting called for such purpose, given in person or by proxy, by Holders holding, in the aggregate, at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock (excluding any Shares held of record in the name of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries), voting as a separate class, amend, alter or repeal (including by means of a merger, consolidation or otherwise) any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or this Certificate of Designation that would alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock in a manner adverse to the Holders of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock.  In any case in which the Holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote as a separate class pursuant to this Certificate of Designation, the Articles of Incorporation or Colorado law, each Holder shall be entitled to one vote for each Share of Series A Preferred Stock held on the record date for determining the stockholders of the Corporation eligible to vote thereon. c.   Stock Splits, Subdivisions, Reclassifications or Combinations .  