rence over the Junior Stock.  In the event the Board of Directors shall ever declare a dividend, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate in such dividend, pro rata, to the same extent as any holder of any Junior Stock on which such dividend may be declared. 4.   Liquidation Preference . 4.1   General .  Upon the occurrence of any Liquidation Event, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and liabilities of the Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, out of the remaining assets of the Company, the Liquidation Value in cash for each of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock they then hold.  The method by which the Series A Preferred Shareholders receive payment of the Liquidation Value will be made under whichever of the following three alternatives is then applicable:     4   (a)   If upon any Liquidation Event, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and liabilities of the Company, the assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders shall be insufficient to permit the payment to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of the entire Liquidation Value, then the entire assets of the Company shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding according to the number of shares held by each. (b)   If upon any Liquidation Event, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and liabilities of the Company, the assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders would be sufficient to pay to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock the Liquidation Value and an amount equal to at least such Liquidation Value could be completely paid to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock by all such remaining assets of the Company being distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred and the holders of the Common Stock on a pari passu basis, then in such event the remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed among all stockholders (both Common and Series A Preferred) on a pari passu basis. (c)   If upon any Liquidation Event, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and liabilities of the Company, the assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders would be sufficient to pay to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock the Liquidation Value but an amount equal to at least such Liquidation Value could be not completely paid to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock by the remaining assets of the Company being distributed among the holders of the Series A Preferred and the holders of the Common Stock on a pari passu basis, then in such event the remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed first to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock  in an amount equal to the Liquidation Value, and any amount available for distribution in excess of the Liquidation Value shall be distributed to the holders of the Common Stock in proportion to the shares of Common Stock then held by them. 4.2   Fair Value .  The fair value of the assets or property to be distributed or exchanged to or with the holders of the Company’s stock in the event of a Liquidation Event, pursuant to Section 4.1 shall be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith, provided that any securities to be delivered to the holders of Preferred Stock or Common Stock under this Section 4 shall be valued at no less than Market Price at the date of such exchange. 4.3   No Restriction on Surplus .  No provision of this Section 4 shall in any manner, prior to any Liquidation Event, whether voluntary or otherwise, create or be deemed to create any restrictions upon the surplus of the Company or prohibit the payment of dividends on the capital stock of the Company out of the funds of the Company legally available therefor, nor shall any such restrictions or prohibition be in any manner inferred from the provisions of this Section 4 .     5     4.4   Adjustment to Liquidation Value .  The Liquidation Value shall be adjusted in accordance with the following provision.  In the event the Company at any time or from time to time after