the Company’s board of directors. Dividends are non-cumulative, and none were declared as of December 31, 2019. Preferred stockholders are also entitled to participate on an as-converted into common stock, pari-passu together with common stockholders, in distributions of any additional dividends.   Liquidation In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, the holders of Series C-1, C-2, C-3 and D preferred stock are entitled to receive, pro rata, prior and in preference to distributions to the holders of any other shares, an amount equal to the original issuance price ($0.5289, $0.5652, $0.6096 and $0.7091, respectively) per share plus all declared but unpaid dividends, if any. After the payment in full to the holders of Series C-1, C-2, C-3 and D preferred stock, the holders of Series B preferred stock are entitled to receive, pro rata, prior and in preference to distributions to the holders of any other shares, an amount equal to the original issuance price ($1.1140) per share plus all declared but unpaid dividends, if any. After the payment in full to the holders of Series B preferred stock, the holders of Series A-1 and Series A-2 preferred stock shares are entitled to receive, pro rata, prior and in preference to distributions to the holders of common shares, an amount equal to the original issuance price ($0.4091 for Series A-1 and $0.4996 for Series A-2) per share plus all declared but unpaid dividends, if any. In each case, the amounts to be distributed are subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends or distributions, recapitalizations, and similar events. Upon completion of the payment of the full liquidation preference of preferred stock, the remaining assets of the Company, if any, will be distributed among the holders of preferred stock and common stock, pro rata on an as-converted basis, subject to maximum participation amounts for each class of preferred shares. A change in control of the Company or a sale of all or substantially all of its assets is deemed to be an event triggering payment of liquidation preferences.   Redemption Series B, C-1, C-2 and C-3 preferred stock can be redeemed upon election, at any time on or after December 3, 2023, by the holders of a majority, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis, of the outstanding shares of Series B and Series C-1, C-2 and C-3 preferred stock. Series D preferred stock can be redeemed upon election, at any time on or after December 3, 2023, by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series D preferred stock. Redemption amounts will equal the original issue price of such shares, plus any declared but unpaid dividends, and will occur in three annual installments commencing not more than sixty days after the receipt by the Company of the redemption election.   Voting Rights Each share of preferred stock has a number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which it is convertible. The holders of Series A-1 and Series A-2 preferred stock, voting together, are entitled to elect one member of the Company’s board of directors. The holders of Series   F-16 Table of Contents IMPEL NEUROPHARMA, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   C-1, C-2 and C-3 preferred stock, voting together, are entitled to elect three members of the Company’s board of directors. The holders of Series D preferred stock are entitled to elect two members of the Company’s board of directors. The holders of common stock have the right to elect one member of the Company’s board of directors. The holders of common stock and preferred stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis, are entitled to elect the remaining members of the board of directors.   Classification The Company has classified its redeemable convertible preferred stock as mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance sheets as the shares are contingently redeemable with passage of time or upon deemed liquidation events, such as a change in control. As only the passage of time is required for Series B, C-1, C-2, C-3, and D preferred stock to become redeemable, the Company is accreting th