Stock). These dividends are cumulative, and accrue to the holders of the Preferred Stock whether or not funds are legally available and whether or not declared by the board of directors. Such dividends are not accrued into the carrying value of the Preferred Stock until such time as 1) a redeemable liquidation event is deemed probable of occurring or 2) such dividends are declared, neither of which has occurred as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, cumulative dividends payable to the holders of the Series 1 Preferred Stock, Series 2 Preferred Stock, Series 3 Preferred Stock, Series 3-B Preferred Stock and Series 4 Preferred Stock, but not yet declared, totaled $5,127, $21,623, $14,863, $2,326 and $7,780, respectively. The holders of the Preferred Stock are also entitled to participate in dividends on common stock, when and if declared by the board of directors, based on the number of shares of common stock held on an if-converted basis. No dividends have been declared by the board of directors from inception through December 31, 2016.   - 28 - Liquidation Rights —In the event of a liquidation, dissolution, merger, sale, or winding up of the Company, upon issuance, the holders of the Series 4 Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, prior to and in preference to the holders of the Series 3 and Series 3-B Preferred Stock, Series 2 Preferred Stock, the Series 1 Preferred Stock and common stock, an amount equal to $1.044687 per share of Series 4 Preferred Stock, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. After payment in full of the Series 4 Preferred Stock liquidation preference, the holders of the Series 3 and Series 3-B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, prior to and in preference to the holders of the Series 2 Preferred Stock, the Series 1 Preferred Stock and common stock, an amount equal to $0.887883 per share of Series 3 Preferred Stock and $2.660397 per share of Series 3-B Preferred Stock (subject to certain antidilutive adjustments), plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. After payment in full of the Series 3 and Series 3-B Preferred Stock liquidation preference, the holders of the Series 2 Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, prior to and in preference to the holders of Series 1 Preferred Stock and common stock, from the assets of the Company available for distribution, (A) in the case of the Series 2-B Convertible Preferred Stock, an amount equal to $0.721784 per share of Series 2-B Convertible Preferred Stock (subject to certain antidilutive adjustments), multiplied by two, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends, and (B) in the case of the Series 2-A Convertible Preferred Stock, an amount equal to $0.721784 per share of Series 2-A Convertible Preferred Stock (subject to certain antidilutive adjustments), plus any accrued but unpaid dividends in order of preference. After payment in full of the Series 2 Preferred Stock liquidation preference, the holders of the Series 1 Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, prior to and in preference to the holders of common stock, from the assets of the Company available for distribution, an amount equal to $1.462645 per share of Series 1 Preferred Stock (subject to certain antidilutive adjustments), plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. Any net assets remaining after the payment of preferential amounts to the holders of Preferred Stock shall be shared ratably by the holders of the Preferred Stock with the common stockholders as if all preferred shares were converted into common stock at the time of the event. Conversion —At the option of the holders of the Preferred Stock (or automatically in the event of a conversion pursuant to an IPO), shares may be converted to such number of shares of common stock as is determined by dividing the applicable conversion base by the then applicable conversion price. The conversion base for each share of the Preferred Stock shall be the original issue price, as defined (plus, in the event of a conversion pursuant to an IPO, all accrued but unpaid dividends). The Conversion Price of each share of Series 1 Preferred Stock shall initially be $9.615178, of each share of the Series 2-A(1) and Series 2-B(1) Preferred Stock shall ini