are data)   NOTE 6:-                     SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (Cont.)   b.                            Ordinary shares:   Ordinary shares entitles their holders to the rights to vote, attend the general meeting of shareholders, to receive dividends and the right to a share in the surplus assets upon liquidation of the Company.   c.                             Preferred shares:   Preferred shares entitle their holders the same rights as those of Ordinary shares. Additional rights, preference and restrictions of preferred shareholders are as follows:   1.                             Liquidation preference and dividends   In the event of any liquidation, either voluntary or involuntary, and upon the occurrence of certain events that are deemed liquidations by the Company’s Articles of Association including the distribution of dividends, the holders of Series A-1 and Series A-2 are entitled to receive prior and in preference to any distribution of the assets of the Company to the holders of Ordinary shares, an amount equivalent to the original issue price, plus interest at a rate of 8% of the original issue price per annum, compounded annually, which shall accrue from the date of issuance of such shares, less the amount of proceeds already received on such shares. Thereafter, the remaining distributable proceeds, if any, shall be distributed pro-rata among all the Ordinary shareholders and Preferred shareholders, based on their respective holdings of outstanding shares of the Company, on an as-converted basis   Notwithstanding the aforesaid, in the event that a distribution of the distributable proceeds on as as-converted basis, without giving effect to the Preferred A preference, would result in the holders of the Preferred A shares receiving an amount equal to at least three times the original issue price of such share, then the holders of the Preferred A shares shall be entitled to only receive their pro rata share of such distributable proceeds, on an as-converted basis, together with the other shareholders; provided however, that in such event the holders of preferred a shares shall actually receive an amount which is not less than three times the original issue price of such Preferred A shares.   16   INSIGHTERA LTD.   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data)   NOTE 6:-                     SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (cont.)   2.                             Right of conversion   Each Preferred A share is convertible, in the manner permitted by law, at the option of the holder of such share, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, into such number of fully paid and non-assessable Ordinary shares as is determined by dividing the original issue price for such share by the conversion price in effect at that time for such share. The initial preferred conversion price with respect to the Preferred shares is the original issue price of $ 0.86 and $ 0.85 for Series A-2 and A-1, respectively. The Company’s Articles of Association provide for anti-dilution protection for the Preferred A shares in the event that the Company issues shares at a price per share lower than such Preferred A share’s original issue price.   3.                             Voting rights   Each of the Preferred A shares shall be voted together with the other shares of the Company, and not as a separate class, in all general meetings. Each Preferred A share shall have one vote for each Ordinary share into which such Preferred A shares could then be converted.   d.                            Issuance of shares:   On February 5, 2012, the Company signed a securities purchase agreement (“the Series A SPA”) whereby it issued to new investors 644,030 Series A-1 Preferred shares with par value of $ 0.002 at a price per share of $ 0.85, in an aggregate amount of $ 550.   On October 11, 2012, the Company entered into a second closing under the Series A SPA, whereby it issued to existing investors 581,400 Series A-2 Preferred shares with par value of $ 0.002 at a price per share of $ 0.86, in an aggregate amount of $ 500.   Total issuance expenses for Series A financing amounted to $ 22.   e.                      