her series of Preferred Stock. (b) Participation. After payment of any preferential dividends, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate pro rata in any additional dividends declared on Common Stock. 5. LIQUIDATION (a) Liquidation Preference. Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution to holders of Common Stock or any other series of Preferred Stock, an amount equal to the greater of: (i) $0.01 per share (the "Liquidation Preference"), plus all declared but unpaid dividends; or (ii) Such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Series A Preferred Stock been converted to Common Stock immediately prior to such liquidation (on a hypothetical 1:1 basis for calculation purposes only). (b) Remaining Assets. After payment of the full Liquidation Preference, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall participate pro rata with the holders of Common Stock in any remaining assets. 6. NON-CONVERTIBILITY THE SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK IS NOT CONVERTIBLE INTO COMMON STOCK OR ANY OTHER CLASS OR SERIES OF STOCK OF THE CORPORATION. The non-convertibility of the Series A Preferred Stock is a fundamental characteristic that cannot be modified, amended, or waived under any circumstances, except by the unanimous written consent of all holders of Series A Preferred Stock. 7. NO REDEMPTION The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable by the Corporation.   8. ANTI-DILUTION PROTECTION (a) Stock Splits. If the Corporation at any time subdivides, by stock split or otherwise, its outstanding Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the voting power of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be proportionately increased. (b) Reverse Splits. If the Corporation at any time combines its outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the voting power of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be proportionately decreased. (c) Adjustment Mechanism. The 100:1 voting ratio shall be adjusted proportionately for any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, or similar recapitalization affecting the Common Stock. 9. PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have preemptive rights to purchase their pro rata share of any new issuance of Equity Securities of the Corporation. 10. PROTECTIVE PROVISIONS So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the prior written consent of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66.67%) of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock: (a) Alter or change the rights, preferences, or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock; (b) Increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock; (c) Create or issue any class or series of stock having rights, preferences, or privileges senior to or on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock; (d) Effect any Change of Control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all assets; (e) Amend the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws in any mann