 as to distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, including the payment of dividends. 4. Dividends . No dividend shall be declared or paid on the Preferred Stock.   5. No Liquidation Preference. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Corporation, the Series A Preferred shares shall have a priority on liquidation superior to that of the other Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred shareholders will be entitled to preferential amounts paid in to the Corporation and be paid in full, for funds paid for the Series A Preferred Shares, if sufficient funds exist . The holders of shares of other series of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate with the Common Stock in all of the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably with the holders of Common Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them, assuming for each holder of Preferred Stock on the record date for such distribution that each holder was the holder of record of the number (including any fraction) of shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Preferred Stock then held by such holder are then convertible. A liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Corporation, as such terms are used in this Section 5, shall not be deemed to be occasioned by or to include any merger of the Corporation with or into one or more corporations or other entities, any acquisition or exchange of the outstanding shares of one or more classes or series of the Corporation, or any sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of all or a part of the assets of the Corporation. 6. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise required by law, each Series A Preferred Share shall have voting rights and shall carry a voting weight equal to two thousand five hundred (2,500) Common Shares. Except as otherwise required by law or by these Articles, the holders of shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock shall vote together. 7. No Redemption . The shares of Preferred Stock are not redeemable, unless approved by the Board of Directors and agreed upon by the Series A Preferred Shareholders. 8. Conversion Provisions. Each Series A Preferred Share cannot be converted into Common Shares, unless it is approved by the Board of Directors and agreed upon by the Series A Preferred Shareholders. 9. Outstanding Shares. For purposes of these Articles of Designation, all shares of Preferred Stock shall be deemed outstanding except (i) from the date of surrender of certificates representing shares of Preferred Stock, all shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock; and (ii) from the date of registration of transfer, all shares of Preferred Stock held of record by the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation.         10. The Securities Act of 1933 (a)   Securities Not Registered. The shares of Preferred Stock have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 or the laws of any state of the United States and may not be transferred without such registration or an exemption from registration. (b)   Restrictive 