be in effect by overnight delivery, by first class mail, postage prepaid or by Electronic Means, in each case reasonably designed to reach all Holders of record, of the date on which such Default Rate ceased to be effective (as determined in accordance with Section  2.2(g) of this Supplement). 2.3. Liquidation Rights . (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the Holders of Term Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to Stockholders, after satisfying claims of creditors but before any distribution or payment shall be made in respect of the Common Shares, a liquidation distribution per share equal to the Liquidation Preference for such shares, plus an amount equal to all unpaid dividends and other distributions on such shares accumulated to (but excluding) the date fixed for such distribution or payment on such shares (whether or not earned or declared by the Corporation, but without interest thereon). After the payment to the Holders of Term Preferred Shares of the full preferential amounts provided for in this Section  2.3(a) , the Holders of the Term Preferred Shares shall not be entitled to any further participation in any distribution or payment in connection with any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. (b) If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the assets of the Corporation available for distribution among the Holders of all Outstanding Term Preferred Shares and any other outstanding Preferred Shares ranking on a parity with the Term Preferred Shares shall be insufficient to permit the payment in full to such Holders of the Liquidation Preference of such Term Preferred Shares plus accumulated and unpaid dividends and other distributions on such shares as provided in Section  2.3(a) above and the amounts due upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs with respect to such other Preferred Shares, then such available assets shall be distributed among the Holders of such Term Preferred Shares and such other Preferred Shares ratably in proportion to the respective preferential liquidation amounts to which they are entitled. In connection with any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, unless and until the Liquidation Preference on each Outstanding Term Preferred Share plus accumulated and unpaid dividends and other distributions on such shares as provided in Section  2.3(a) above have been paid in full to the Holders of such shares, no dividends, distributions or other payments will be made on, and no redemption, purchase or other acquisition by the Corporation will be made by the Corporation in respect of, the Common Shares.   22 (c) Neither the sale of all or substantially all of the property or business of the Corporation, nor the merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Corporation into or with any other business or statutory trust, corporation or other entity, nor the merger, consolidation or reorganization of any other business or statutory trust, corporation or other entity into or with the Corporation, shall be a dissolution, liquidation or winding up, whether voluntary or involuntary, for the purpose of this Section  2.3 . 2.4. Coverage Test . (a) Asset Coverage Requirement . For so long as any Term Preferred Shares of any Series are Outstanding, the Corporation shall have Asset Coverage of at least 225% as of the close of business on each Business Day. If the Corporation shall fail to maintain such Asset Coverage as of any time as of which such compliance is required to be determined as aforesaid, the provisions of Section  2.5(b) of this Supplement shall apply, which provisions to the extent complied with constitute the sole remedy for the Corporation’s failure to comply with the provisions of this Section  2.4(a) . (b) Calculation of Asset Coverage . For purposes of determining whether the requirements of Section  2.4(a) of this Supplement are satisfied, (i) no Term Preferre