e qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, in respect of each class of capital stock of the Corporation.   A.                                    COMMON STOCK   1.                                       General .   The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and privileges of the holders of the Preferred Stock set forth herein.   2.                                       Voting .   The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of meetings).  Unless required by law, there shall be no cumulative voting.  The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then   1   outstanding) by (in addition to any vote of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock that may be required by the terms of this Restated Certificate) the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of capital stock of the Corporation representing a majority of the votes represented by all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law and without a separate class vote of the holders of the Common Stock.   B.                                     PREFERRED STOCK   The following rights, powers and privileges, and restrictions, qualifications and limitations, shall apply to the Preferred Stock.  Unless otherwise indicated, references to “Sections” in this Part B of this Article IV refer to sections of this Part B.   1.                                       Dividends .   1.1                                Participation .  The Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends at an annual rate of 8% of the Original Issue Price (as defined in Section 2.1.2) of the Series B Preferred Stock per share (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, reorganization and the like with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock) per annum, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor, when, as and if declared by the Board (as defined in Section 2.3.3), prior and in preference to any dividend or distributions, declared, paid or set aside on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series A-1 Preferred Stock or the Common Stock.  If, after dividends in the full preferential amount specified in the foregoing sentence have been paid or declared and set apart in any calendar year of the Corporation, the holders of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends at an annual rate of 8% of the Original Issue Price per share of such series of Preferred Stock (as adjusted for stock splits, combinations, reorganization and the like with respect to such series of Preferred Stock) per annum, out of the assets at the time legally available therefor, when, as and if declared by the Board, prior and in preference to any dividends or distributions declared, paid or set aside on shares of the Common Stock. If, after dividends in the full pre