terprise’s value, with the exercise price based on the “breakpoints” between each of the different claims on the securities. The inputs necessary for the option-pricing model include the Company’s current enterprise value, breakpoints (the various characteristics for each class of equity, including liquidation preferences and priority distributions), time to liquidity of 3 years, risk-free rate of 0.21%, and volatility of 72.0%. Preferred Stock Provisions Dividends - Before any dividends on common stock shall be declared or paid, the holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (Series A and B) shall be entitled to receive dividends on an as-converted basis. For dividends on non-convertible class or series, dividends to Preferred stockholders will be determined by dividing the dividend payable on each class/series of capital stock by the original issuance price of $38.34 for Series A and $1.00 for Series B (adjusted for stock split, stock dividend, etc.) and multiplying such fraction by the Preferred Stock original issue price. As of December 29, 2019 and January 3, 2021, no dividends have been declared or paid. Liquidation - In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company (a “liquidation event”), the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of the available assets of the corporation, prior and in preference to any distribution to the holders of Series A and common stock an amount per share equal to a) two times the original issue price of $1.00 per share until August 28, 2022 or b) the original issue price of $1.00 per share plus an amount equal to 15% per annum accruing on the original issue price from August 28, 2022 through and including the date of payment, plus any dividends declared but unpaid (“the Series B Liquidation Amount”). In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of the available assets of the corporation, less the Series B Liquidation Amount, prior and in preference to any distribution to the holders of common stock, an amount per share for each share of Series A Preferred Stock held by them equal to the greater of 1) the sum of original issue price multiplied by the applicable factor (1.8 and 2.0 as of December 29, 2019 and January 3, 2021, respectively) plus any declared but unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock; and ii) the amount per share as would have been payable if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock had been converted to common stock (the “Series A Liquidation Amount”).   F-24 Table of Contents LULU’S FASHION LOUNGE HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Voting - Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to voting rights equal to the number of shares of common stock it can be converted to. Series A stockholders are entitled to elect two directors of the Company and common stockholders are entitled to elect nine directors. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is not entitled to voting rights. Conversion – At the option of the holder, each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of common stock. As of January 3, 2021, each share of Series A Preferred Stock was convertible into one share of common stock, adjusted for stock splits, combinations, dividends and distributions. All outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock will automatically be converted into shares of common stock at the then effective conversion rate upon one of the following conversion events: (i) the closing of a firm commitment underwritten IPO, provided that the aggregate gross proceeds to the Company are not less than $100.0 million; or (ii) by vote or written consent for conversion from the holders of a majority of the outstanding Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is not convertible at the option of the holder. The Series A Preferred Stock conversion ratio shall be subject to appropriate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, subdivisions, or recapitalization events. In addition, if the Company should issue 