s except as otherwise required by law or provided in these Articles of Incorporation. Holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor and, upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, shall be entitled to share ratably in the net assets of the Corporation after payment of all debts and other liabilities of the Corporation and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding Preferred Stock. No holder of any shares of the Corporation shall have any preemptive or preferential right to acquire additional shares or securities of the Corporation.   The Corporation is authorized to issue Twenty Million (20,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share. Of such Preferred Stock, Five Million (5,000,000) shares are hereby designated as Series A Preferred Stock. The remaining Fifteen Million (15,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock shall remain undesignated and may be issued from time to time in one or more series with such designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as may be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors in accordance with Nevada law.   The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be as follows: Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one hundred (100) votes per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock as a single class except where separate class voting is required by Nevada law.   Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, into one hundred (100) fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock. Conversion shall be subject to the availability of sufficient authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock at the time of conversion. No fractional shares shall be issued upon conversion, and the Corporation may pay cash in lieu of fractional shares.   The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to cumulative dividends and shall participate in dividends only if and when declared by the Board of Directors.   Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior to any distribution to holders of Common Stock, an amount equal to the par value of such shares, and thereafter shall participate with the holders of Common Stock on an as-converted basis.   The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable unless approved by the Board of Directors.   ARTICLE V CUMULATIVE VOTING   In any election of directors of the Corporation, a holder of any class or series of stock then entitled to vote in such election shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal (i) the number of votes which, except for this Article as to cumulative voting, such holder would be entitled to cast for the election of directors with respect to such holder’s shares of stock multiplied by (ii) the numbe