d in taking such actions the Company shall not be deemed to have affected, and any amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company that effects such actions shall not be deemed to affect, adversely the rights, preferences, privileges or voting rights of Holders specified herein.     6. Liquidation Rights .   (a)       In the event of any liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, each Holder shall be entitled to receive and to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders an amount of cash per share equal to the greater of (x) the Liquidation Preference and (y) such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Series A Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 7 immediately prior to such liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, in each case plus Accumulated Dividends to the date fixed for liquidation, winding-up or dissolution in preference to the holders of, and before any payment or distribution is made on, any Junior Stock, including, without limitation, the Common Stock.   (b)       Neither the sale (for cash, shares of stock, securities or other consideration) of all or substantially all the assets or business of the Company (other than in connection with the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Company) nor the merger or consolidation of the Company into or with any other Person shall be deemed to be a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution, voluntary or involuntary, for the purposes of this Section 6 .   (c)       After the payment in full to the Holders of the preferential amounts provided for in this Section   6 , the Holders as such shall have no right or claim to any of the remaining assets of the Company.   (d)       In the event the assets of the Company available for distribution to the Holders and holders of shares of Parity Stock upon any liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, shall be insufficient to pay in full all amounts to which such Holders are entitled pursuant to this Section 6 and all amounts to which such holders of Parity Stock are entitled, no such distribution shall be made on account of any shares of Parity Stock upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding-up unless proportionate distributable amounts shall be paid on account of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, equally and ratably, in proportion to the full distributable amounts for which holders of all Series A Preferred Stock and of any Parity Stock are entitled upon such liquidation, winding-up or dissolution.     7. Mandatory Conversion .     (a) Following receipt of Stockholder Approval, the Company shall convert all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, in which case each Holder will receive, for each share of Series A Preferred Stock being converted, a number of shares of Common Stock in aggregate equal to the Conversion Rate. The initial conversion rate for the Series A Preferred Stock is one (1) share of Common Stock per share of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Conversion Rate”).           (b) To exercise the mandatory conversion right described in this Section 7 , the Company must issue a press release for publication on the Dow Jones News Service or Bloomberg Business News (or if either such service is not available, another broadly disseminated news or press release service selected by the Company) announcing such a mandatory conversion. The Company shall also give notice by mail or by publication to the Holders (not later than two Business Days after the date of the press release) of the mandatory conversion announcing the Company’s intention to convert the Series A Preferred Stock. The conversion date will be a date selected by the Company (the “Mandatory Conversion Date”) and will be no earlier than five Business Days and no later than 20 Business Days after the date on which the Company issues the press release described in this Section 7(b) .       (c) In addition to any information required by applicable Law, the press release and notice of a mandatory conversion described in S