es A Preferred Stock as described in this Section 3 . Any dividend payment made on the Series A Preferred Stock shall first be credited against the earliest accumulated accrued and unpaid dividend due with respect to such shares which remains payable at the time of such payment.   4.                LIQUIDATION RIGHTS .   4.1              Preferential Payments to Holders of Series A Preferred Stock . In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, following any payment of preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of any Senior Stock, the Holders shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders before any payment shall be made to the holders of Junior Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the greater of (a) the Original Issue Price, plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon; or (b) such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Series A Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock pursuant hereto immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution, winding up or Deemed Liquidation Event (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is hereinafter referred to as the “ Liquidation Preference ”). If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the Holders and the holders all other classes of Parity Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled, the Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and holders of all other Parity Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full.     5       4.2              Payments to Holders of Junior Stock . In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, after the payment of all preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of Senior Stock (if any), Series A Preferred Stock and Parity Stock, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Junior Stock and in such order of priority as may be required if some holders of Junior Stock have priority over others.   4.3              Effecting a Deemed Liquidation Event . The Corporation shall not have the power to effect a Deemed Liquidation Event unless the agreement or plan of merger or consolidation for such transaction (the “ DLE Agreement ”) provides that the consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation shall be allocated among the stockholders in accordance with Sections 4.1 and 4.2 .   4.4              Amount Deemed Paid or Distributed . The amount deemed paid or distributed to the holders of capital stock of the Corporation upon any Deemed Liquidation Event shall be the cash or the fair market value of the property, rights or securities paid or distributed to such holders by the Corporation or the acquiring Person. The fair market value of such property, rights or securities shall be determined in good faith by the Board.   4.5              Allocation of Escrow . In the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event other than a Sale of Assets, if any portion of the consideration payable to the stockholders of the Corporation is placed into escrow and/or is payable to the stockholders of the Corporation subject to contingencies, the DLE Agreement shall provide that: (a) the portion of such consideration that is not placed in escrow and not subject to any contingencies (the “ Initial Consideration ”) shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 4.1 and 4.2 as if the Initial Consideration were the only consideration payable in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event; an