ly receive, dividends payable if, when and as declared by the Board of Directors in an amount at least equal to any similar distribution on the common stock had preferred stock participated on an as-converted basis. The Board of Directors does not currently contemplate accruing or paying dividends. Liquidation Preference In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, the proceeds shall be distributed to the shareholders as follows: The holders of the preferred stock shall receive the greater of (i) the Original Issue Price ($45 million) plus declared or accrued but unpaid dividends (if any) on each share of preferred stock or (ii) the amount that they would be entitled to if they had converted their preferred stock to common stock immediately prior to the liquidation event. A sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, a merger, reorganization, or other transaction in which 50% of the outstanding voting power of the Company is transferred and an exclusive, irrevocable licensing (or other transfer) of all or substantially all of the Company’s intellectual property to a third party (a Change in Control) will be treated as a liquidation event, thereby triggering the liquidation payment. The holders of a majority of the outstanding preferred stock may waive the treatment of such Change in Control transaction as a liquidation event. Put Right/Redemption In the event the Company has not completed an initial public offering or a Change in Control within six years after the issuance of the preferred stock, or August 2, 2013, the holders of the preferred stock shall, have an option, upon vote of holders of at least 66% of the preferred stock, upon 120-days written notice given at any time thereafter to sell the preferred stock back to the Company for an amount equal to the greater of (i) the Original Issue Price plus all accrued but unpaid dividends (if any) or (ii) the fair market value of the preferred stock. Such redemption may, at the Company’s option, be completed in three equal installments.   21   Fanatics, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 11. Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (continued) Conversion The holders of the preferred stock have the right, at any time, to convert the preferred stock into common stock at the initial conversion price, subject to standard anti-dilution provisions. The preferred stock is convertible into approximately 7,758,620 shares of common stock as of February 28, 2011. The preferred stock automatically converts to common stock upon (i) the closing of a firm commitment, underwritten public offering of common stock of the Company yielding net proceeds to the Company of not less than $40 million at a per share valuation not less than two times the Original Issue Price (subject to adjustments for stock dividends, splits, combinations, and similar events), or (ii) upon written consent of a majority of the preferred stock, all shares of preferred stock will automatically be converted to common stock at the then applicable conversion pursuant to their respective terms. Voting Rights The preferred stock is entitled to vote on all matters on an as-converted basis. In addition, the preferred stock holders are required to approve changes to the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, certain issuances of securities, including stock options, any liquidation or Change in Control for less than 1.5 times the Original Issue Price (subject to anti-dilution provisions), dividends, certain share repurchases, an investment or acquisition or series thereof whose aggregate value exceeds $15 million, certain transactions with officers, directors or greater than 5% shareholders, incurring any indebtedness greater than $10 million in the aggregate, and change in the size of the Board of Directors. Registration Rights At any time six months after an initial public offering, a majority of the holders of the common stock issued upon conversion of the preferred stock may request such shares be registered or qualified for distribution. Preferred stock holders are entitled to un