able therefor or such Dividends are declared. Each Dividend shall be payable in arrears on each Dividend Payment Date. Dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall cease to accrue upon any liquidation, redemption, repurchase or conversion of such shares pursuant to the terms hereof. (c) The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any cash dividends that may from time to time be paid on the Common Stock. Section 5. Liquidation . (a) Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company’s affairs, Lincoln shall be entitled to receive liquidating distributions, out of assets legally available for distribution to the Company’s shareholders, before any distribution of assets is made to the holders of the Common Stock or any other Junior Securities, in the amount per share of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the greater of (i) the Liquidation Preference, plus all accrued but unpaid Dividends, whether or not declared, that have not previously been added to the Liquidation Preference and (ii) if such liquidation, dissolution or winding up occurs after the three (3) year anniversary of the Date of First Issuance, the cash value (at the Current Market Price) Lincoln would have received upon such event if Lincoln had converted its shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to Section 9 immediately prior to such event. After payment in full of such liquidating distributions, Lincoln shall not be entitled to participate in any further distributions of the remaining assets of the Company as a holder of Series A Preferred Stock. (b) In the event that the assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company shall be insufficient to pay in full the amounts payable with respect to all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and Qualifying Future Parity Stock, Lincoln and the holders of such shares of Qualifying Future Parity Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of assets of the Company in proportion to the full respective liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. (c) For the purposes of this Section 5 , a Fundamental Change (in and of itself) shall be deemed not to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company subject to this Section 5 (it being understood that an actual liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company in connection with a Fundamental Change will be subject to this Section 5 ).   7 Section 6. Maturity . The Series A Preferred Stock shall be perpetual unless redeemed, repurchased or converted in accordance with these Terms of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. Section 7. Redemption . (a) Redemption at the Option of the Company . (i) On and after the Date of First Issuance and to but not including the three (3) year anniversary of the Date of First Issuance, and on and after the six (6) year anniversary of the Date of First Issuance, the Company, at its option, may redeem (out of funds legally available therefor) all or any portion of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, in aggregate increments of $2,500,000 at a purchase price per share in cash equal to the sum, determined as of (but excluding) the Redemption Date, of the Liquidation Preference, plus all accrued and unpaid Dividends, whether or not declared, that hav