ock are identical in all respects. Dividends         Dividends on the Preferred Stock are payable if and when declared by the Board of Directors and are cumulative. In the event a dividend is declared, the Preferred Stock holders are entitled to receive, prior to any payment of dividends to holders of Common Stock, annual dividends in the amount of 10% of the face value ($1.00) of the Preferred. No dividends are to be paid on any Common Stock until all cumulative dividends have been paid. Thereafter, the holders of Preferred and Common Stock participate ratably in all dividends paid, on an as-converted basis. Voting         The holder of each share of Preferred Stock is entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which the holders' shares would be converted. If at any time the combined number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Class A Common Stock then outstanding is less than 51% of the total number of votes entitled to be cast by all holders of Preferred and Common Stock then outstanding, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive additional voting rights to increase their total votes to equal 51%. Liquidation         Each holder of Preferred Stock is entitled to a liquidation preference equal to 1.0 times the face value ($1.00), plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Any remaining assets are to be distributed; 86% to holders of Preferred Stock and 14% to the holders of Common Stock until the Preferred Stockholders have received 3.5 times ($3.50) the aggregate face value of the outstanding Preferred Stock. In the event that the total assets available for distribution is greater than 3.5 times the aggregate fair value of the outstanding Preferred Stock, the proceeds are to be distributed to the holders of Preferred Stock and Common Stock on a pro rata, as-converted basis. Conversion         Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder, any time into one share of Common Stock. Shares of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock shall convert into shares of Class A and Class B Common Stock, respectively. Upon the conversion of all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock into Class A Common Stock, all shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall automatically convert into shares of Class B Common Stock. In the event of a closing of a firm commitment to underwrite a public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, each outstanding share of Preferred Stock and Class A Common Stock shall automatically convert into Class B Common Stock. Stock Option Plan         In June 2002, the Company adopted the Jazz Semiconductor, Inc. 2002 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) that provides for the issuance of 17,647,000 shares of Class B common stock. Options to acquire F-23 shares of the Company's Class B common stock may be issued under the Plan for a period of 10 years following the Plan's adoption. Employees, officers, directors and consultants are eligible to receive options under the Plan. The Plan is administered by the Board of Directors or a committee appointed for such purposes, which has the sole discretion and authority to determine which eligible employees will receive options, when the options will be granted and the terms and conditions of the options granted. Options generally can be early exercised but vest ratably over a four-year period commencing on the first anniversa