(3) any representations and warranties made by such stockholders are limited to capital stock ownership, authorization, delivery, and the absence conflicts with respect to the performance of such stockholders obligations. Liquidation In the event of liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, the holders of Series G preferred stock are entitled to receive payment in preference to the holders of Series A, B, C, D, E, E-1 or F preferred stock or common stock. Holders of Series F preferred stock are entitled to receive payment in preference to the holders of Series A, B, C, D, E, or E-1 preferred stock or common stock. Holders of Series E-1 and E are entitled to receive payment in preference to the holders of Series A, B, C, or D or common stock. Holders of Series D are entitled to receive payment in preference to the holders of Series A, B, or C or common stock, and holders of Series A, B, and C are entitled to receive payment in preference to the holders of common stock. Holders of preferred stock are entitled to receive an amount equal to their original issue price per share, plus any declared but unpaid dividends in the preference order set forth above. After payment to the holders of preferred stock, any remaining assets and funds are to be distributed ratably among the holders of common stock and preferred stock (except for Series E-1) based on the number of shares of common stock held by each stockholder (assuming full conversion of all such preferred stock) until the holders of Series E have received an aggregate of three times their original issue price, the holders of Series A, B, C, D, and F have received an aggregate of two times their original issue price and the holders of Series G have received an aggregate of one time their original issue price. After payment has been made to the holders of common stock and preferred stock of the full amounts to which they are entitled, any remaining assets and surplus are to be distributed ratably among the holders of common stock based upon the number of shares of common stock then held by them. Series E-1 is non-  22   Adaptive Insights, Inc. Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)       participating and will not receive amounts in excess of the original issue price per share, plus any declared but unpaid dividends as noted above. As mentioned in the significant terms above, the Company’s preferred stockholders, voting as a class, are entitled to elect four members to the Company’s Board of Directors. Preferred stock can be redeemed in the event of liquidation, an event that can be approved by the Company’s Board. Accordingly, the preferred stockholders are entitled to redemption features that are not solely within the control of the Company. The preferred stock is recorded as temporary equity in the mezzanine section, outside of permanent equity, on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 10. Common Stock On March 12, 2015, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation and increased the number of common stock it is authorized to issue from 126,500,000 shares to 175,000,000. The par value of each common share remains at $0.001 per share. On June 22, 2015, the Company further increased the number of shares of common stock authorized to 195,000,000 shares. The par value of each common share remains the same.   Each share of common stock has the right to one vote. The holders of the common stock are also entitled to receive dividends whene