y distribution or payment is made to the holders of any Series B, Series A-1, Series A or common stock, the holders of Series C will be entitled to receive a per share amount equal to $1.607, plus all declared but unpaid dividends. Should the Company’s legally available assets be insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Series C, the funds will be distributed ratably among the holders of Series C. After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series C, before any distribution or payment is made to the holders of any Series A or common stock, the holders of Series B and Series A-1 will be entitled to receive a per share amount equal to $1.25 and $1.14, respectively, plus all declared but unpaid dividends. Should the Company’s legally available assets be insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Series B and Series A-1, the funds will be distributed ratably among the holders of Series B and Series A-1? After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series C, Series B and Series A-1, the holders of Series A will be entitled to receive a per share amount equal to $1.00, plus all declared but unpaid dividends, prior and in preference to any distribution to the holders of common stock. Should the Company’s legally available assets be insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of Series A, the funds will be distributed ratably among the holders of Series A. After the distributions described above have been paid in full, the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution will be distributed ratably among the holders of common stock and preferred stock, on an as-converted basis.   - 16 - Spirox, Inc. Notes to Financial Statements     6. Capital Stock (continued)   Convertible Preferred Stock: (continued)   Dividends: Holders of Series C are entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends, prior and in preference to any dividends paid to the holders of Series B, Series A-1, Series A and common stock. Holders of Series C will receive dividends, if and when declared at the rate per annum of 8% of the original issuance price. After the payment in full of the dividends to Series C holders, holders of Series B and Series A-1 are entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends, prior and in preference to any dividends paid to the holders of Series A and common stock. Holders of Series B and Series A-1 will receive dividends, if and when declared, at the rate per annum of 8% and 6%, respectively, of the original issuance price. After the payment in full of the dividends to Series B and Series A-1 holders, holders of Series A are entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends, prior and in preference to any dividends paid to holders of common stock. Holders of Series A will receive dividends, if and when declared at the rate per annum of 6% of the original issuance price. In the event dividends are paid on any share of common stock, the Company will pay additional dividends on all outstanding shares of preferred stock in a per share amount equal (on an as-if-converted basis) to the amount paid or set aside for each share of common stock. Redemption: The preferred stock is not redeemable. Conversion: Shares of preferred stock are convertible into common stock at any time at the option of the holder. The number of shares of common stock into which each share of preferred stock may be converted is determined by dividing the number of shares of preferred stock by the conversion price. The con