uch series of Parity Stock shall in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series A Preferred Stock and such series of Parity Stock (which shall not include any accrual in respect of unpaid dividends for prior Dividend Periods if such Parity Stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock which may be in arrears.   3.6              Payment of Accrued and Unpaid Dividends . Holders shall not be entitled to any dividend in excess of all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends on Series A Preferred Stock as described in this Section 3 . Any dividend payment made on the Series A Preferred Stock shall first be credited against the earliest accumulated accrued and unpaid dividend due with respect to such shares which remains payable at the time of such payment.   4.                LIQUIDATION RIGHTS .   4.1              Preferential Payments to Holders of Series A Preferred Stock . In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, following any payment of preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of any Senior Stock, the Holders shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders before any payment shall be made to the holders of Junior Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the greater of (a) the Original Issue Price, plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon; or (b) such amount per share as would have been payable had all shares of Series A Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock pursuant hereto immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution, winding up or Deemed Liquidation Event (the amount payable pursuant to this sentence is hereinafter referred to as the “ Liquidation Preference ”). If upon any such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, the assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the Holders and the holders all other classes of Parity Stock the full amount to which they shall be entitled, the Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and holders of all other Parity Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in proportion to the respective amounts which would otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full.     5       4.2              Payments to Holders of Junior Stock . In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or Deemed Liquidation Event, after the payment of all preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of Senior Stock (if any), Series A Preferred Stock and Parity Stock, the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders shall be distributed among the holders of shares of Junior Stock and in such order of priority as may be required if some holders of Junior Stock have priority over others.   4.3              Effecting a Deemed Liquidation Event . The Corporation shall not have the power to effect a Deemed Liquidation Event unless the agreement or plan