EX-10.2 7 d414396dex102.htm EX-10.2 EX-10.2 Exhibit 10.2 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE – NON-U.S. UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN Pursuant to the ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan (the “Plan”), ACELYRIN, INC. , a Delaware corporation (together with any successor, the “Company”), has granted to the individual named below, an option (the “Stock Option”) to purchase on or prior to the Expiration Date, or such earlier date as is specified herein, all or any part of the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share (“Common Stock”), of the Company indicated below (the “Shares”), at the Option Exercise Price per share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Notice (the “Grant Notice”), the attached Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (the “Agreement”), the definition of which shall include any special terms and conditions for the Optionee’s country of residence and/or work set forth in the second appendix attached hereto (“Appendix B”), and the Plan.   Name of Optionee:    __________________ (the “Optionee”) No. of Shares:    __________ Shares of Common Stock Grant Date:    __________________ Vesting Commencement Date:    __________________ (the “Vesting Commencement Date”) Expiration Date:    __________________ (the “Expiration Date”) Option Exercise Price/Share:    US$_________________ (the “Option Exercise Price”) Vesting Schedule:    [25] percent of the Shares shall vest and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date; provided that the Optionee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary at such time. Thereafter, the remaining [75] percent of the Shares shall vest and become exercisable in [36] equal monthly installments following the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, provided the Optionee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary on each vesting date. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, in the case of a Sale Event, this Stock Option and the Shares shall be treated as provided in Section 3(c) of the Plan [provided; however INSERT ANY ACCELERATED VESTING PROVISION HERE] . Attachments : Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement – Non-U.S. (including Appendix B), 2020 Stock Option, Grant Plan and Notice of Exercise – Non-U.S NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT – NON-U.S. UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan. 1. Vesting, Exercisability and Termination. (a) No portion of this Stock Option may be exercised until such portion shall have vested and become exercisable. (b) Except as set forth below, and subject to the determination of the Committee in its sole discretion to accelerate the vesting schedule hereunder, this Stock Option shall be vested and exercisable on the respective dates indicated below: (i) This Stock Option shall initially be unvested and unexercisable. (ii) This Stock Option shall vest and become exercisable in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. (c) Termination . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee, if the Optionee’s Service Relationship is terminated, the period within which to exercise this Stock Option will be subject to earlier termination as set forth below (and if not exercised within such period, shall thereafter terminate subject, in each case, to Section 3(c) of the Plan): (i) Termination Due to Death or Disability . If the Optionee’s Service Relationship terminates by reason of such Optionee’s death or Disability, this Stock Option may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of such termination, by the Optionee (in the case of Disability) or the Optionee’s personal representative (in the case of death) for a period of 12 months from the date of death or Disability or until the Expiration Date, if earlier. (ii) Other Termination . If the Optionee’s Service Relationship terminates for any reason other than death or Disability, and unless otherwise determined by the Committee, this Stock Option may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of termination, for a period of 90 days from the date of termination or until the Expiration Date, if earlier; provided however , if the Optionee’s Service Relationship is terminated for Cause, this Stock Option shall terminate immediately upon the date of such termination. For purposes hereof, the Committee’s determination of the reason for termination of the Optionee’s Service Relationship shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and his or her representatives or legatees and any Permitted Transferee. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not vested and exercisable on the date of termination of the Service Relationship shall terminate immediately and be null and void.   2 2. Exercise of Stock Option . (a) The Optionee may exercise this Stock Option only in the following manner: Prior to the Expiration Date, the Optionee may deliver a Stock Option exercise notice (an “Exercise Notice”) in the form of Appendix  A hereto indicating his or her election to purchase some or all of the Shares with respect to which this Stock Option is then exercisable. Such notice shall specify the number of Shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price may be made by one or more of the methods described in Section 5 of the Plan, subject to the limitations contained in such Section of the Plan, including the requirement that the Committee specifically approve in advance certain payment methods. (b) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Stock Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date. 3. Incorporation of Plan . Save as expressly amended or overridden in this Agreement, this Stock Option shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan. 4. Transferability of Stock Option . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, this Stock Option is personal to the Optionee and is not transferable by the Optionee. The Stock Option may be exercised during the Optionee’s lifetime only by the Optionee (or by the Optionee’s personal representative in the event of the Optionee’s death). The personal representative of the Optionee may exercise this Stock Option to the extent provided herein in the event of the Optionee’s death. 5. Restrictions on Transfer of Shares . The Shares acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option shall be subject to certain transfer restrictions and other limitations including, without limitation, the provisions contained in Section 9 of the Plan. 6. Option not a Service Contract . By accepting this Stock Option, Optionee acknowledges, understands and agrees that: (a) Optionee’s Stock Option is not an employment or service contract, and, if Optionee is an Employee of the Company or an Affiliate, nothing in Optionee’s Stock Option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on Optionee’s part to continue as an Employee of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue Optionee’s employment. In addition, nothing in Optionee’s Stock Option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, or their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that Optionee might have as a director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate; (b) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature, and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted under the Plan; (c) the grant of Optionee’s Stock Option is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Stock Options (whether on the same or different terms), or benefits in lieu of Stock Options, even if Stock Options have been granted in the past;   3 (d) Optionee’s Stock Options and any Shares acquired under the Plan on exercise of Optionee’s Stock Options, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, vacation, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; (e) the future value of the Shares underlying the Stock Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty; (f) neither the Company nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Optionee’s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of Optionee’s Stock Options or of any amounts due to Optionee’s pursuant to the exercise of Optionee’s Stock Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares received; (g) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, for the purposes of the Stock Option, Optionee’s Service Relationship will be considered terminated as of the date Optionee is no longer actively providing services to the Company or a Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Optionee is employed or is otherwise providing services, or the terms of Optionee’s employment or service agreement, if any), provided that, unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, the vesting of Optionee’s Stock Option will not continue during any notice period or any period of “garden leave” or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Optionee is employed or where Optionee is otherwise providing services, or the terms of Optionee’s employment or service agreement, if any (regardless, in each case, of whether or not Optionee is providing services to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries during such notice period, garden leave period, or similar period); and the Board shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Optionee is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Stock Option (including whether Optionee may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence); and (h) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of this Stock Option resulting from the termination of Optionee’s Service Relationship (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Optionee is employed or are otherwise providing services, or the terms of Optionee’s employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of this Stock Option to which Optionee is otherwise not entitled, Optionee irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Company or any Affiliate, waives Optionee’s ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases the Company and any Affiliate from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Optionee shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim.   4 7. Data Privacy. (a) If Optionee is located in a country other than the European Union, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, Optionee explicitly and unambiguously acknowledges and consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Optionee’s personal data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, Optionee’s employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Optionee’s participation in the Plan. Optionee understands that the Company, its Affiliates and Optionee’s employer hold certain personal information about Optionee, including, but not limited to, name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or other identification number), salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, purchased, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Optionee’s favor for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan (“Data”). Optionee understands that the Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in Optionee’s country or elsewhere, in particular in the US, and that the recipient country may have different data privacy laws providing less protections of Optionee’s personal data than Optionee’s country. Optionee may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the stock plan administrator at the Company (the “Stock Plan Administrator”). Optionee acknowledges that the recipients may receive, possess, process, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing Optionee’s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data, as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom Optionee may elect to deposit any Shares acquired upon the exercise of Optionee’s Stock Option. Optionee understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Optionee’s participation in the Plan. Optionee may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting the Stock Plan Administrator in writing. (b) For the purposes of operating the Plan in the European Union, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, the Company will collect and process information relating to Optionee in accordance with the privacy notice from time to time in force. 8. Language. Optionee acknowledges that Optionee is sufficiently proficient in the English language, or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow Optionee to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If Optionee has received this Agreement, or any other document related to Optionee’s Stock Option and/or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 9. Foreign Asset/Account, Exchange Control and Tax Reporting. Optionee may be subject to foreign asset/account, exchange control and/or tax reporting requirements as a result of the acquisition, holding and/or transfer of Shares or cash (including dividends and the proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) derived from Optionee’s participation in the Plan in, to and/or from a brokerage/bank account or legal entity located outside Optionee’s country of residence. The applicable laws in Optionee’s country of residence may require that Optionee’s reports such accounts, assets and balances therein, the value thereof and/or the transactions related thereto to   5 the applicable authorities in such country. Optionee may also be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Optionee’s participation in the Plan to Optionee’s country of residence through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. Optionee acknowledges that it is Optionee’s responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and Optionee is encouraged to consult with Optionee’s personal legal advisor for any details. 10. Applicable Law . In the event applicable laws prevent or hinder the consummation of the actions and transactions contemplated in this Agreement or the Plan, the Company may in its sole discretion agree to vary the terms of the Plan and/or this Agreement so that Optionee receives substantially the same economic result as contemplated herein, such as through a cashless sell to cover exercise (provided that at the time of exercise the Shares are publicly traded or otherwise liquid), a cash bonus or phantom stock. 11. Appendix B . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, Optionee’s Stock Option shall be subject to the special terms and conditions for Optionee’s country of residence and/or work set forth in Appendix B attached to this Agreement which, where applicable, shall prevail in the event of conflict between such terms and conditions and the terms of this Agreement, Grant Notice, and/or the Plan. Moreover, if Optionee relocates to one of the countries included therein, the terms and conditions for such country will apply to Optionee to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix B constitutes part of this Agreement. 12. Miscellaneous Provisions. (a) Equitable Relief . The parties hereto agree and declare that legal remedies may be inadequate to enforce the provisions of this Agreement and that equitable relief, including specific performance and injunctive relief, may be used to enforce the provisions of this Agreement. (b) Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure . If, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Common Stock, the outstanding shares of Common Stock are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the Company, the restrictions contained in this Agreement shall apply with equal force to additional and/or substitute securities, if any, received by the Optionee in exchange for, or by virtue of his or her ownership of, this Stock Option or Shares acquired pursuant thereto. (c) Change and Modifications . This Agreement may not be orally changed, modified or terminated, nor shall any oral waiver of any of its terms be effective. This Agreement may be changed, modified or terminated only by an agreement in writing signed by the Company and the Optionee. (d) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, and as to all other matters shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of California, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of California.   6 (e) Headings . The headings are intended only for convenience in finding the subject matter and do not constitute part of the text of this Agreement and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement. (f) Saving Clause . If any provision(s) of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, such determination shall in no manner affect the legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof. (g) Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications shall be in writing and be deemed given when delivered personally, by telex or facsimile transmission or when received if mailed by first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company or the Optionee shall be addressed as set forth underneath their signatures below, or to such other address or addresses as may have been furnished by such party in writing to the other. (h) Benefit and Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective successors, assigns, and legal representatives. The Company has the right to assign this Agreement, and such assignee shall become entitled to all the rights of the Company hereunder to the extent of such assignment. (i) Counterparts . For the convenience of the parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same document. (j) Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Stock Option and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. (k) No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Optionee’s participation in the Plan, or Optionee’s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Optionee should consult with their own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Optionee’s participation in the Plan before taking any action. 13. Dispute Resolution . (a) Except as provided below, any dispute arising out of or relating to the Plan or this Stock Option, this Agreement, or the breach, termination or validity of the Plan, this Stock Option or this Agreement, shall be finally settled by binding arbitration conducted expeditiously in accordance with the J.A.M.S./Endispute Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “J.A.M.S. Rules”). The arbitration shall be governed by the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Sections 1-16, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration shall be North California. (b) The arbitration shall commence within 60 days of the date on which a written demand for arbitration is filed by any party hereto. In connection with the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall have the power to order the production of documents by each party and any third-party witnesses. In addition, each party may take up to three depositions as of right, and the arbitrator may in his or her discretion allow additional depositions upon good cause shown by   7 the moving party. However, the arbitrator shall not have the power to order the answering of interrogatories or the response to requests for admission. In connection with any arbitration, each party to the arbitration shall provide to the other, no later than seven business days before the date of the arbitration, the identity of all persons that may testify at the arbitration and a copy of all documents that may be introduced at the arbitration or considered or used by a party’s witness or expert. The arbitrator’s decision and award shall be made and delivered within six months of the selection of the arbitrator. The arbitrator’s decision shall set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability. The arbitrator shall not have power to award damages in excess of actual compensatory damages and shall not multiply actual damages or award punitive damages, and each party hereby irrevocably waives any claim to such damages. (c) The Company, the Optionee, each party to the Agreement and any other holder of Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement (each, a “Party”) covenants and agrees that such party will participate in the arbitration in good faith. This Section 7 applies equally to requests for temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, except that in the case of temporary or preliminary injunctive relief any party may proceed in court without prior arbitration for the limited purpose of avoiding immediate and irreparable harm. (d) Each Party (i) hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any United States District Court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of enforcing the award or decision in any such proceeding, (ii) hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution (except as protected by applicable law), that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court, and (iii) hereby waives and agrees not to seek any review by any court of any other jurisdiction which may be called upon to grant an enforcement of the judgment of any such court. Each Party hereby consents to service of process by registered mail at the address to which notices are to be given. Each Party agrees that its, his or her submission to jurisdiction and its, his or her consent to service of process by mail is made for the express benefit of each other Party. Final judgment against any Party in any such action, suit or proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit, action or proceeding on the judgment, or in any other manner provided by or pursuant to the laws of such other jurisdiction. 14. Waiver of Statutory Information Rights . The Optionee understands and agrees that, but for the waiver made herein, the Optionee would be entitled, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, to inspect for any proper purpose, and to make copies and extracts from, the Company’s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and the books and records of subsidiaries of the Company, if any, under the circumstances and in the manner provided in Section 220 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (any and all such rights, and any and all such other rights of the Optionee as may be provided for in Section 220, the “Inspection Rights”). In light of the foregoing, until the first sale of Stock of the Company to the general public pursuant to a registration statement filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act, the Optionee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the Inspection Rights, whether such Inspection Rights would be exercised or pursued directly or indirectly pursuant to Section 220 or otherwise, and   8 covenants and agrees never to directly or indirectly commence, voluntarily aid in any way, prosecute, assign, transfer, or cause to be commenced any claim, action, cause of action, or other proceeding to pursue or exercise the Inspection Rights. The foregoing waiver shall not affect any rights of a director, in his or her capacity as such, under Section 220. The foregoing waiver shall not apply to any contractual inspection rights of the Optionee under any other written agreement between the Optionee and the Company. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]   9 The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned as of the date first above written.   ACELYRIN, INC. By:       Name:   Title: Address:     The undersigned hereby acknowledges receiving and reviewing a copy of the Plan, including, without limitation, Section 9 thereof, and understands that this Stock Option is subject to the terms of the Plan and of this Agreement. This Agreement is hereby accepted, and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING THE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 13 AND THE WAIVER OF STATUTORY INFORMATION RIGHTS SET FORTH IN SECTION 14 OF THIS AGREEMENT, are hereby agreed to, by the undersigned as of the date first above written.   OPTIONEE:   Name: Address:         10 Appendix A STOCK OPTION EXERCISE NOTICE – NON-U.S. ACELYRIN, INC. Attention: [____________________] [Address] Pursuant to the terms of the grant notice and stock option agreement (including Appendix B) between the undersigned and ACELYRIN, INC. (the “Company”) dated __________ (the “Agreement”) under the ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan, I, [Insert Name] ________________, hereby [Circle One] partially/fully exercise such option by including herein payment in the amount of US$______ representing the purchase price for [Fill in number of Shares] _______ Shares. I have chosen the following form(s) of payment:   [    ]    1.    Cash [    ]    2.    Certified or bank check payable to ACELYRIN, INC. [    ]    3.    Other (as referenced in the Agreement and described in the Plan (please describe)) _______________________________________________________________________________________________. In connection with my exercise of the option as set forth above, I hereby represent and warrant to the Company as follows: (i) I am purchasing the Shares for my own account for investment only, and not for resale or with a view to the distribution thereof. (ii) I have had such an opportunity as I have deemed adequate to obtain from the Company such information as is necessary to permit me to evaluate the merits and risks of my investment in the Company and have consulted with my own advisers with respect to my investment in the Company. (iii) I have sufficient experience in business, financial and investment matters to be able to evaluate the risks involved in the purchase of the Shares and to make an informed investment decision with respect to such purchase. (iv) I can afford a complete loss of the value of the Shares and am able to bear the economic risk of holding such Shares for an indefinite period of time. (v) I understand that the Shares may not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (it being understood that the Shares are being issued and sold in reliance on the exemption provided in Rule 701 thereunder) or any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws and may not be sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 and under any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws (or exemptions from the registration requirement thereof). I further acknowledge that certificates representing Shares will bear restrictive legends reflecting the foregoing and/or that book entries for uncertificated Shares will include similar restrictive notations.   11 (vi) I further acknowledge that I will not be able to resell the Shares for at least 90 days after the stock of the Company becomes publicly traded ( i.e., subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) under Rule 701 and that more restrictive conditions apply to affiliates of the Company under Rule 144. (vii) I further acknowledge that all certificates representing any of the Shares subject to the provisions of the option will have endorsed thereon appropriate legends reflecting the foregoing limitations, as well as any legends reflecting restrictions pursuant to the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and/or applicable securities laws. (viii) I have read and understand the Plan and acknowledge and agree that the Shares are subject to all of the relevant terms of the Plan, including without limitation, the transfer restrictions set forth in Section 9 of the Plan. (ix) I understand and agree that the Company has a right of first refusal with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(b) of the Plan. (x) I understand and agree that the Company has certain repurchase rights with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(c) of the Plan. (xi) I understand and agree that I may not sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of the Shares for a period of time following the effective date of a public offering by the Company as described in Section 9(f) of the Plan. (xii) I understand and agree to the waiver of statutory information rights as set forth in Section 14 of the Agreement.   Sincerely yours,   Name: Address:       Date:                                                                                 12 Appendix B This Appendix includes special terms and conditions that govern the option granted to Optionee under the Plan if Optionee resides and/or work in one of the countries listed below. The information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to Optionee’s particular situation, and Optionee is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Optionee’s country may apply to Optionee’s situation. If Optionee is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which Optionee is currently working and/or residing, transfers employment and/or residency to another country after the Grant Date, is a consultant, changes employment status to a consultant position, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine the extent to which the special terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to Optionee. References to Optionee’s employer shall include any entity that engages Optionee’s services. A USTRALIA Breach of Law. Notwithstanding anything else in the Plan or this Agreement, Optionee will not be entitled to, and shall not claim any benefit (including without limitation a legal right) under the Plan if the provision of such benefit would give rise to a breach of Part 2D.2 of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“Corporations Act”), any other provision of the Corporations Act, or any other applicable statute, rule or regulation which limits or restricts the giving of such benefits. Further, the Company is under no obligation to seek or obtain the approval of its shareholders in general meeting for the purpose of overcoming any such limitation or restriction. Securities Law Information. The grant of the Stock Option, and any subsequent issue of Shares, is made without disclosure under the Corporations Act in reliance on one or more exceptions from the disclosure requirements under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Both the Company and the Optionee acknowledge and state that the Stock Option (and any subsequent Shares issued on exercise of the Stock Option) are being acquired as part of an equity incentive arrangement and are not being issued by the Company, and are not being acquired by the Optionee, with the purpose of the Optionee selling or transferring any of the securities, or granting, issuing or transferring interests in, or further Stock Options over, any of the securities. Advice. Any advice given to Optionee by the Company, or a related body corporate of the Company, or a representative of the Company or any such related body corporate, in relation to the Stock Option, should not be considered as investment advice and does not take into account Optionee’s objectives, financial situation, or needs. Australian law requires persons who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This requires those offering financial products to have disclosed information that is material for investors to make an informed decision. Those rules do not apply to this offer because it is made in reliance on one or more exceptions available to the Company under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. As a result, Optionee may not be given all of the information normally expected when receiving an offer of financial products in Australia.   13 Optionee should consider obtaining their own financial product advice with respect to the offer of the Stock Option. Risks. There are risks associated with the Company and a number of general risks associated with an investment in the Stock Option and the underlying Shares. These risks may individually or in combination materially and adversely affect the future operating and financial performance of the Company and, accordingly, the value of Shares. There can be no guarantee that the Company will achieve its stated objectives. Before agreeing to participate in the Plan, Optionee should be satisfied that Optionee has a sufficient understanding of the risks involved in making an investment in the Company and whether it is a suitable investment, having regard to Optionee’s objectives, financial situation, and needs. The Stock Option will only vest on the satisfaction of the conditions (if any) set out in the enclosed Grant Notice and the issue to Optionee of the Shares is subject to the terms of this Grant Notice, Agreement and the Plan. There is a chance that any conditions attaching to the Stock Option may never be fulfilled and that the Stock Option will not vest. Further, the Company cannot guarantee that at the time the Stock Option vests the price of the Company’s Shares will be above the exercise price per share for the Stock Option, or that any of the Company’s Shares issued on exercise of the Stock Option will have a value above the exercise price per share of the Stock Option. The price for the Company’s Shares is subject to fluctuations and may rise or fall. Further risks and rights with respect to holding the Stock Options are set out in this Grant Notice, Agreement and the Plan. Exchange Control Information. Exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding A$10,000 and international fund transfers. Optionee understands that the Australian bank assisting with the transaction may file the report on Optionee’s behalf. If there is no Australian bank involved in the transfer, Optionee will be required to file the report. Optionee should consult with their personal advisor to ensure proper compliance with applicable reporting requirements in Australia. Tax Information. The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). Data Privacy . Section 7(a) is deleted and replaced with the following: “Optionee explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, holding, use and disclosure, in electronic or other form, of Optionee’s personal information (as that term is defined in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)) as described in this document by and among, as applicable, Optionee’s employer, the Company and its Affiliates for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing Optionee’s participation in the Plan. Optionee understands that the Company, its Affiliates and Optionee’s employer hold certain personal information about Optionee, including, but not limited to, name, home address and telephone number, email address and other contact details, date of birth, tax file number (or other identification number), salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock Options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, purchased, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Optionee’s   14 favor for the purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan (“Data”). The collection of this information may be required for compliance with various legislation, including the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and applicable taxation legislation. Optionee understands that the Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in Optionee’s country or elsewhere, in particular in the United States, and that the recipient country may have different data privacy laws providing less protection of Optionee’s personal data than Optionee’s country. Optionee may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the stock plan administrator at the Company (the “Stock Plan Administrator”). Optionee authorizes the recipients to collect, hold, use and disclose the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing Optionee’s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data, as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom Optionee may elect to deposit any Shares acquired upon the vesting of the Stock Option. Optionee understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Optionee’s participation in the Plan or for the period required by law, whichever is the longer. Optionee may, at any time, refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting the Stock Plan Administrator in writing. Optionee understands that refusing or withdrawing consent may affect Optionee’s ability to participate in the Plan. Optionee acknowledges that further information on how Optionee’s employer, the Company and its Affiliates collect, hold, use and disclose Data and other personal information (and how Optionee can access, correct or complain about the handling of that Data or other personal information by Optionee’s employer, the Company and its Affiliates) can be found at https://acelyrin.com/privacy-policy in the privacy policies of Optionee’s employer, the Company and its Affiliates (as applicable).” Disposal Restriction. Notwithstanding anything else in the Plan or this Agreement, Optionee may not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber, deal with, make over or part with Optionee’s Stock Options (whether legally or beneficially), either voluntarily or by operation of law, except on Optionee’s death, and, during Optionee’s life, Optionee’s Stock Options will be exercisable only by Optionee. Withholding. The Company may withhold from fully vested Shares otherwise issuable to Optionee upon the exercise of Optionee’s Stock Option a number of whole Shares having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax and social security required to be withheld by law. Any adverse consequences to Optionee arising in connection with such share withholding procedure will be Optionee’s sole responsibility. C ANADA Method of Payment. Notwithstanding Section 5(a)(iv) of the Plan, Optionee is prohibited from paying or otherwise satisfying the exercise price using the methods set forth in Section 5(a)(iv)(C) or (E) of the Plan (or any substantially similar methods).   15 Data Privacy. The following provision supplements Section 7 of the Agreement: “Optionee hereby authorizes the Company and its representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. Optionee further authorizes the Company, any Affiliates and any stock plan service provider that may be selected by the Company to assist with the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their respective advisors. Optionee further authorizes the Company and any Affiliates to record such information and to keep such information in Optionee’s employee file.” Language Consent. The parties to the Agreement acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices, and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Consentement relatif à la langue utilisée Les parties reconnaissent avoir exigé que cette convention («Option Agreement») soit rédigée en anglais, ainsi que tous les documents, avis et procédures judiciaires, éxécutés, donnés ou intentés en vertu de, ou liés directement ou indirectement à la présente. Service Relationship. Notwithstanding anything else in the Plan or the Agreement, Optionee’s Service Relationship will be deemed to end on the date when Optionee ceases to be actively providing services to the Company or an Affiliate (or Optionee’s employer, if different), regardless of whether the cessation of Optionee’s employment or other service was lawful, and shall not include any period of statutory, contractual, common law, civil law or other reasonable notice of termination of employment or other service or any period of salary continuance or deemed employment or other service; provided , however , that where any greater period is expressly required by applicable employment or labour standards legislation (if such legislation is applicable), Optionee’s Service Relationship will be deemed to end immediately following the minimum prescribed period under that legislation. As a result, if Optionee receives notice of termination for a reason other than Cause, and the Company or its Affiliate (or Optionee’s employer, if different) does not require Optionee to continue to attend at work and/or elects to provide Optionee with a payment in lieu of notice, Optionee’s Service Relationship will end on the date Optionee receives such notice, as opposed any later date when severance payments to Optionee ceases, unless otherwise expressly required by applicable employment or labour standards legislation (if such legislation is applicable). Employment Matters. The definition of “Cause” is modified such that the following supersedes the existing definition in the Plan: ““Cause” shall mean (i) the grantee’s dishonest statements or acts with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, or any current or prospective customers, suppliers vendors or other third parties with which such entity does business; (ii) the Optionee’s commission of (A) a felony or indictable offence or (B) any misdemeanor or summary conviction offence involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud under the laws of the United States, or any state thereof, Canada, or any applicable foreign jurisdiction; (iii) the Optionee’s failure to perform his assigned duties and responsibilities to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company which failure continues, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, after written notice given to the grantee by the Company; (iv)   16 the Optionee’s gross negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company; (v) the Optionee’s material violation of any provision of any agreement(s) between the grantee and the Company relating to noncompetition, nonsolicitation, nondisclosure and/or assignment of inventions; or (vi) any other serious act or omission that amounts to just cause at law; provided, however , that for Employees in Ontario, “ Cause ” means wilful misconduct, disobedience or wilful neglect of duty that is not trivial and has not been condoned.” Disability. For greater clarity, “ Disability ” means that Optionee is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. Employment Law Compliance. Should a discrepancy (including contravention, conflict or inconsistency) exist between any express written term in any written document, the Plan, or Optionee’s Agreement, on the one hand, and minimum statutory entitlements provided for under provincial employment or labour standards legislation (if such legislation is applicable), on the other hand, the minimum statutory entitlements provided for under employment or labour standards legislation (if such legislation is applicable) will prevail and Optionee’s entitlements (as applicable) shall be increased only to the extent necessary to satisfy the minimum statutory requirements. No Fractions. No fractional Shares shall be issued under the Agreement and no cash amount shall be payable in respect thereof. Voluntary Participation. Optionee’s participation in the Plan is voluntary. Securities Law Information. The following defined term in Section 1 of the Plan is modified such that the following supplements the existing definition:     •   “Consultant” – For purposes of issuances of securities under the Plan to Consultants in Canada, a Consultant means a person that (a) does not provide services strictly in relation to a distribution; (b) provides the services under a written contract with the Company or a Subsidiary; and (c) spends or will spend a significant amount of time and attention on the affairs and business of the Company or a Subsidiary and includes, for an individual consultant, a corporation of which the individual consultant is an employee or shareholder, and a partnership of which the individual consultant is an employee or partner. In the event securities under the Plan are being issued to officers who are not also employees of the Company or a Subsidiary, in Canada, such officer must be: (a) chair, vice-chair or president, (b) a vice-president in charge of a principal business unit, division or function including sales, finance or production, or (c) performing a policy-making function in respect of the Company or Subsidiary.   17 Optionee understands that Optionee is permitted to sell Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan, provided that the Company is a “foreign issuer” that is not a public company in any jurisdiction of Canada and the sale of the Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan takes place: (i) through an exchange, or a market, outside of Canada on the distribution date; or (ii) to a person or company outside of Canada. For purposes hereof, in addition to not being a reporting issuer in any jurisdiction of Canada, a “foreign issuer” is an issuer that: (i) is not incorporated or existing pursuant to the laws of Canada or any jurisdiction of Canada; (ii) does not have its head office in Canada; and (iii) does not have a majority of its executive officers or directors ordinarily resident in Canada. If any designated broker is appointed under the Plan, Optionee shall sell such securities through the designated broker. Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. Canadian residents are required to report certain “foreign property” on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of such property exceeds a certain threshold (currently C$100,000) at any time in the year. It is Optionee’s responsibility to comply with these reporting obligations, and Optionee should consult with their own personal tax advisor in this regard. Right to acquire Common Stock. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement or Plan, Optionee’s Stock Option shall entitle Optionee, upon fulfillment of the requisite conditions, to acquire newly-issued Shares, and may not be settled in cash (or otherwise settled) without Optionee’s consent.   18 EARLY EXERCISE NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN Pursuant to the ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan (the “Plan”), ACELYRIN, INC. , a Delaware corporation (together with any successor thereto, the “Company”), has granted to the individual named below, an option (the “Stock Option”) to purchase on or prior to the Expiration Date, or such earlier date as is specified herein, all or any part of the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share (“Common Stock”), of the Company indicated below (the “Shares”), at the Option Exercise Price per share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Early Exercise Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Notice (the “Grant Notice”), the attached Early Exercise Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (the “Agreement”) and the Plan. This Stock Option is not intended to qualify as an “incentive stock option” as defined in Section 422(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (the “Code”).   Name of Optionee:    __________________ (the “Optionee”) No. of Shares:    __________________ Shares of Common Stock Grant Date:    __________________ Vesting Commencement Date:    __________________ (the “Vesting Commencement Date”) Expiration Date:    __________________ (the “Expiration Date”) Option Exercise Price/Share:    $__________________ (the “Option Exercise Price”) Vesting Schedule:    [25] percent of the Shares shall vest on the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date; provided that the Optionee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company at such time. Thereafter, the remaining [75] percent of the Shares shall vest in [36] equal monthly installments following the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, provided the Optionee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company on each vesting date. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, in the case of a Sale Event, this Stock Option and the Shares shall be treated as provided in Section 3(c) of the Plan[ provided; however INSERT ANY ACCELERATED VESTING PROVISION HERE] . Attachments : Early Exercise Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, Restricted Stock Agreement, 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan EARLY EXERCISE NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan. 1. Vesting, Exercisability and Termination . (a) This Stock Option shall be immediately exercisable, regardless of whether the Shares are vested. (b) Except as set forth below, and subject to the determination of the Committee in its sole discretion to accelerate the vesting schedule hereunder, the Shares shall be vested on the respective dates indicated below: (i) All Shares shall initially be unvested. (ii) The Shares shall vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. (c) Termination . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee, if the Optionee’s Service Relationship is terminated, the period within which to exercise this Stock Option will be subject to earlier termination as set forth below (and if not exercised within such period, shall thereafter terminate subject, in each case, to Section 3(c) of the Plan): (i) Termination Due to Death or Disability . If the Optionee’s Service Relationship terminates by reason of such Optionee’s death or Disability, this Stock Option may continue to be exercised, to the extent the Shares are vested on the date of termination, by the Optionee, the Optionee’s legal representative or legatee for a period of 12 months from the date of death or Disability or until the Expiration Date, if earlier. (ii) Other Termination . If the Optionee’s Service Relationship terminates for any reason other than death or Disability, and unless otherwise determined by the Committee, this Stock Option may continue to be exercised, to the extent the Shares are vested on the date of termination, for a period of 90 days from the date of termination or until the Expiration Date, if earlier; provided however , if the Optionee’s Service Relationship is terminated for Cause, this Stock Option shall terminate immediately upon the date of such termination. For purposes hereof, the Committee’s determination of the reason for termination of the Optionee’s Service Relationship shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and his or her representatives or legatees and any Permitted Transferee. Any portion of this Stock Option with respect to Shares that are not vested and exercisable on the date of termination of the Service Relationship shall terminate immediately and be null and void.   2 2. Exercise of Stock Option . (a) The Optionee may exercise this Stock Option only in the following manner: Prior to the Expiration Date, the Optionee may deliver a Stock Option exercise notice (an “Exercise Notice”) in the form of Appendix A hereto indicating his or her election to purchase some or all of the Shares. Such notice shall specify the number of Shares to be purchased. To the extent this Stock Option is only partially exercised, such exercise shall first be with respect to the Shares, if any, that have previously vested, and then with respect to the Shares that will next vest, with the Shares that vest at the latest date being exercised last. Payment of the purchase price may be made by one or more of the methods described in Section 5 of the Plan, subject to the limitations contained in such Section of the Plan, including the requirement that the Committee specifically approve in advance certain payment methods. (b) In the event the Optionee exercises a portion of this Stock Option with respect to Shares that have not vested, the Optionee shall also deliver a Restricted Stock Agreement covering such unvested Shares in the form of Appendix B hereto (the “Restricted Stock Agreement”) with the same vesting schedule for such Shares as set forth for such Shares herein. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Stock Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date. 3. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Stock Option shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan. 4. Transferability of Stock Option . This Stock Option is personal to the Optionee and is not transferable by the Optionee in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. The Stock Option may be exercised during the Optionee’s lifetime only by the Optionee (or by the Optionee’s guardian or personal representative in the event of the Optionee’s incapacity). The Optionee may elect to designate a beneficiary by providing written notice of the name of such beneficiary to the Company, and may revoke or change such designation at any time by filing written notice of revocation or change with the Company; such beneficiary may exercise the Optionee’s Stock Option in the event of the Optionee’s death to the extent provided herein. If the Optionee does not designate a beneficiary, or if the designated beneficiary predeceases the Optionee, the legal representative of the Optionee may exercise this Stock Option to the extent provided herein in the event of the Optionee’s death. 5. Restrictions on Transfer of Shares . The Shares acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option shall be subject to certain transfer restrictions and other limitations including, without limitation, the provisions contained in Section 9 of the Plan and, if applicable, the Restricted Stock Agreement.   3 6. Miscellaneous Provisions . (a) Equitable Relief . The parties hereto agree and declare that legal remedies may be inadequate to enforce the provisions of this Agreement and that equitable relief, including specific performance and injunctive relief, may be used to enforce the provisions of this Agreement. (b) Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure . If, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Common Stock, the outstanding shares of Common Stock are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the Company, the restrictions contained in this Agreement shall apply with equal force to additional and/or substitute securities, if any, received by the Optionee in exchange for, or by virtue of his or her ownership of, this Stock Option or Shares acquired pursuant thereto. (c) Change and Modifications . This Agreement may not be orally changed, modified or terminated, nor shall any oral waiver of any of its terms be effective. This Agreement may be changed, modified or terminated only by an agreement in writing signed by the Company and the Optionee. (d) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, and as to all other matters shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of California, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of California. (e) Headings . The headings are intended only for convenience in finding the subject matter and do not constitute part of the text of this Agreement and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement. (f) Saving Clause . If any provision(s) of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, such determination shall in no manner affect the legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof. (g) Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications shall be in writing and be deemed given when delivered personally, by telex or facsimile transmission or when received if mailed by first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company or the Optionee shall be addressed as set forth underneath their signatures below, or to such other address or addresses as may have been furnished by such party in writing to the other. (h) Benefit and Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective successors, assigns, and legal representatives. The Company has the right to assign this Agreement, and such assignee shall become entitled to all the rights of the Company hereunder to the extent of such assignment. (i) Counterparts . For the convenience of the parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same document.   4 (j) Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Stock Option and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 7. Dispute Resolution . (a) Except as provided below, any dispute arising out of or relating to the Plan or this Stock Option, this Agreement, or the breach, termination or validity of the Plan, this Stock Option or this Agreement, shall be finally settled by binding arbitration conducted expeditiously in accordance with the J.A.M.S./Endispute Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “J.A.M.S. Rules”). The arbitration shall be governed by the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Sections 1 - 16, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration shall be North California. (b) The arbitration shall commence within 60 days of the date on which a written demand for arbitration is filed by any party hereto. In connection with the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall have the power to order the production of documents by each party and any third-party witnesses. In addition, each party may take up to three depositions as of right, and the arbitrator may in his or her discretion allow additional depositions upon good cause shown by the moving party. However, the arbitrator shall not have the power to order the answering of interrogatories or the response to requests for admission. In connection with any arbitration, each party to the arbitration shall provide to the other, no later than seven business days before the date of the arbitration, the identity of all persons that may testify at the arbitration and a copy of all documents that may be introduced at the arbitration or considered or used by a party’s witness or expert. The arbitrator’s decision and award shall be made and delivered within six months of the selection of the arbitrator. The arbitrator’s decision shall set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability. The arbitrator shall not have power to award damages in excess of actual compensatory damages and shall not multiply actual damages or award punitive damages, and each party hereby irrevocably waives any claim to such damages. (c) The Company, the Optionee, each party to the Agreement and any other holder of Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement (each, a “Party”) covenants and agrees that such party will participate in the arbitration in good faith. This Section 7 applies equally to requests for temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, except that in the case of temporary or preliminary injunctive relief any party may proceed in court without prior arbitration for the limited purpose of avoiding immediate and irreparable harm. (d) Each Party (i) hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any United States District Court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of enforcing the award or decision in any such proceeding, (ii) hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution (except as protected by applicable law), that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court, and (iii) hereby waives and agrees not to seek any review by any court of any other   5 jurisdiction which may be called upon to grant an enforcement of the judgment of any such court. Each Party hereby consents to service of process by registered mail at the address to which notices are to be given. Each Party agrees that its, his or her submission to jurisdiction and its, his or her consent to service of process by mail is made for the express benefit of each other Party. Final judgment against any Party in any such action, suit or proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit, action or proceeding on the judgment, or in any other manner provided by or pursuant to the laws of such other jurisdiction. 8. Waiver of Statutory Information Rights . The Optionee understands and agrees that, but for the waiver made herein, the Optionee would be entitled, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, to inspect for any proper purpose, and to make copies and extracts from, the Company’s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and the books and records of subsidiaries of the Company, if any, under the circumstances and in the manner provided in Section 220 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (any and all such rights, and any and all such other rights of the Optionee as may be provided for in Section 220, the “Inspection Rights”). In light of the foregoing, until the first sale of Stock of the Company to the general public pursuant to a registration statement filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act, the Optionee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the Inspection Rights, whether such Inspection Rights would be exercised or pursued directly or indirectly pursuant to Section 220 or otherwise, and covenants and agrees never to directly or indirectly commence, voluntarily aid in any way, prosecute, assign, transfer, or cause to be commenced any claim, action, cause of action, or other proceeding to pursue or exercise the Inspection Rights. The foregoing waiver shall not affect any rights of a director, in his or her capacity as such, under Section 220. The foregoing waiver shall not apply to any contractual inspection rights of the Optionee under any other written agreement between the Optionee and the Company. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]   6 The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned as of the date first above written.   ACELYRIN, INC. By:       Name:   Title: Address:     The undersigned hereby acknowledges receiving and reviewing a copy of the Plan, including, without limitation, Section 9 thereof, and understands that this Stock Option is subject to the terms of the Plan and of this Agreement. This Agreement is hereby accepted, and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING THE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 7 AND THE WAIVER OF STATUTORY INFORMATION RIGHTS SET FORTH IN SECTION 8 OF THIS AGREEMENT, are hereby agreed to, by the undersigned as of the date first above written.   OPTIONEE:   Name: Address:         7 [SPOUSE’S CONSENT 1 I acknowledge that I have read the foregoing Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and understand the contents thereof. ________________________________________]     1   A spouse’s consent is recommended only if the Optionee’s state of residence is one of the following community property states: Arizona, California, Idaho, Louisiana, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin.   8 DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY:   Beneficiary’s Address:         9 Appendix A STOCK OPTION EXERCISE NOTICE ACELYRIN, INC. Attention: [____________________] [Address] Pursuant to the terms of the grant notice and stock option agreement between the undersigned and ACELYRIN, INC. (the “Company”) dated ____________ (the “Agreement”) under the ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan, I, [Insert Name] ________________, hereby [Circle One] partially/fully exercise such option by including herein payment in the amount of $___________ representing the purchase price for [Fill in number of Shares] ____________ Shares. I have chosen the following form(s) of payment:   [    ]    1.    Cash [    ]    2.    Certified or bank check payable to ACELYRIN, INC. [    ]    3.    Other (as referenced in the Agreement and described in the Plan (please describe))       _______________________________________________________________________________________________. In connection with my exercise of the option as set forth above, I hereby represent and warrant to the Company as follows: (i) I am purchasing the Shares for my own account for investment only, and not for resale or with a view to the distribution thereof. (ii) I have had such an opportunity as I have deemed adequate to obtain from the Company such information as is necessary to permit me to evaluate the merits and risks of my investment in the Company and have consulted with my own advisers with respect to my investment in the Company. (iii) I have sufficient experience in business, financial and investment matters to be able to evaluate the risks involved in the purchase of the Shares and to make an informed investment decision with respect to such purchase. (iv) I can afford a complete loss of the value of the Shares and am able to bear the economic risk of holding such Shares for an indefinite period of time. (v) I understand that the Shares may not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (it being understood that the Shares are being issued and sold in reliance on the exemption provided in Rule 701 thereunder) or any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws and may not be sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 and under any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws (or exemptions from the registration requirement thereof). I further acknowledge that certificates representing Shares will bear restrictive legends reflecting the foregoing and/or that book entries for uncertificated Shares will include similar restrictive notations.   10 (vi) To the extent required, I have executed and delivered to the Company the Restricted Stock Agreement attached as Appendix B to the Agreement. (vii) I have read and understand the Plan and acknowledge and agree that the Shares are subject to all of the relevant terms of the Plan, including without limitation, the transfer restrictions set forth in Section 9 of the Plan. (viii) I understand and agree that the Company has a right of first refusal with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(b) of the Plan. (ix) I understand and agree that the Company has certain repurchase rights with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(c) of the Plan. (x) I understand and agree that I may not sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of the Shares for a period of time following the effective date of a public offering by the Company as described in Section 9(f) of the Plan. (xi) I understand and agree to the waiver of statutory information rights as set forth in Section 8 of the Agreement.   Sincerely yours,   Name: Address:       Date:                                                                                 11 Appendix B RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT FOR EARLY EXERCISE OPTION UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Early Exercise Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Notice (the “Grant Notice”) and Early Exercise Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (the “Option Agreement”) between ACELYRIN, INC. (the “Company”) and ______________ (the “Grantee”) for ______________ Shares of Common Stock with a Grant Date of ______________, ______ under the ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan (the “Plan”). 1. Purchase and Sale of Shares; Vesting . (a) Purchase and Sale . The Company hereby sells to the Grantee, and the Grantee hereby purchases from the Company, on ______________ , 20[___], 2 the number of Shares set forth in the Stock Option Exercise Notice (_________ Shares) dated ____________, pursuant to the Grant Notice and Option Agreement, for the aggregate Option Exercise Price for the Shares so purchased. (b) Vesting . The risk of forfeiture shall lapse with respect to the Shares, and such Shares shall become vested, on the respective dates indicated on the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. 2. Repurchase Right . Upon a Termination Event, the Company shall have the right to repurchase Shares of Restricted Stock that are unvested as of the date of such Termination Event as set forth in Section 9(c) of the Plan. 3. Restrictions on Transfer of Shares . The Shares (whether or not vested) shall be subject to certain transfer restrictions and other limitations including, without limitation, the provisions contained in Section 9 of the Plan 4. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan. 5. Miscellaneous Provisions . (a) Record Owner; Dividends . The Grantee and any Permitted Transferees, during the duration of this Agreement, shall be considered the record owners of and shall be entitled to vote the Shares if and to the extent the Shares are entitled to voting rights. The Grantee and any Permitted Transferees shall be entitled to receive all dividends and any other distributions declared on the Shares; provided , however , that the Company is under no duty to declare any such dividends or to make any such distribution.   2   To be filled in with date of stock purchase/option exercise.   12 (b) Section 83(b) Election . The Grantee shall consult with the Grantee’s tax advisor to determine whether it would be appropriate for the Grantee to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with respect to the Shares. Any such election must be filed with the Internal Revenue Service within 30 days of the date of exercise. If the Grantee makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, the Grantee shall give prompt notice to the Company (and provide a copy of such election to the Company). A sample Section 83(b) election is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A. (c) Equitable Relief . The parties hereto agree and declare that legal remedies may be inadequate to enforce the provisions of this Agreement and that equitable relief, including specific performance and injunctive relief, may be used to enforce the provisions of this Agreement. (d) Change and Modifications . This Agreement may not be orally changed, modified or terminated, nor shall any oral waiver of any of its terms be effective. This Agreement may be changed, modified or terminated only by an agreement in writing signed by the Company and the Grantee. (e) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, and as to all other matters shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of California, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of California. (f) Headings . The headings are intended only for convenience in finding the subject matter and do not constitute part of the text of this Agreement and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement. (g) Saving Clause . If any provision(s) of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, such determination shall in no manner affect the legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof. (h) Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications shall be in writing and be deemed given when delivered personally, by telex or facsimile transmission or when received if mailed by first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company or the Grantee shall be addressed as set forth underneath their signatures below, or to such other address or addresses as may have been furnished by such party in writing to the other. (i) Benefit and Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective successors, assigns, and legal representatives. The Company has the right to assign this Agreement, and such assignee shall become entitled to all the rights of the Company hereunder to the extent of such assignment.   13 (j) Counterparts . For the convenience of the parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same document. 6. Dispute Resolution . (a) Except as provided below, any dispute arising out of or relating to the Plan or the Shares, this Agreement, or the breach, termination or validity of the Plan, the Shares or this Agreement, shall be finally settled by binding arbitration conducted expeditiously in accordance with the J.A.M.S./Endispute Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “J.A.M.S. Rules”). The arbitration shall be governed by the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Sections 1 - 16, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration shall be Cary, NC. (b) The arbitration shall commence within 60 days of the date on which a written demand for arbitration is filed by any party hereto. In connection with the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall have the power to order the production of documents by each party and any third-party witnesses. In addition, each party may take up to three depositions as of right, and the arbitrator may in his or her discretion allow additional depositions upon good cause shown by the moving party. However, the arbitrator shall not have the power to order the answering of interrogatories or the response to requests for admission. In connection with any arbitration, each party to the arbitration shall provide to the other, no later than seven business days before the date of the arbitration, the identity of all persons that may testify at the arbitration and a copy of all documents that may be introduced at the arbitration or considered or used by a party’s witness or expert. The arbitrator’s decision and award shall be made and delivered within six months of the selection of the arbitrator. The arbitrator’s decision shall set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability. The arbitrator shall not have power to award damages in excess of actual compensatory damages and shall not multiply actual damages or award punitive damages, and each party hereby irrevocably waives any claim to such damages. (c) The Company, the Grantee, each party to the Agreement and any other holder of Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement (each, a “Party”) covenants and agrees that such party will participate in the arbitration in good faith. This Section 6 applies equally to requests for temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, except that in the case of temporary or preliminary injunctive relief any party may proceed in court without prior arbitration for the limited purpose of avoiding immediate and irreparable harm. (d) Each Party (i) hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any United States District Court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of enforcing the award or decision in any such proceeding, (ii) hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution (except as protected by applicable law), that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court, and (iii) hereby waives and agrees not to seek any review by any court of any other   14 jurisdiction which may be called upon to grant an enforcement of the judgment of any such court. Each Party hereby consents to service of process by registered mail at the address to which notices are to be given. Each Party agrees that its, his or her submission to jurisdiction and its, his or her consent to service of process by mail is made for the express benefit of each other Party. Final judgment against any Party in any such action, suit or proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit, action or proceeding on the judgment, or in any other manner provided by or pursuant to the laws of such other jurisdiction. 7. Waiver of Statutory Information Rights . The Grantee understands and agrees that, but for the waiver made herein, the Grantee would be entitled, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, to inspect for any proper purpose, and to make copies and extracts from, the Company’s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and the books and records of subsidiaries of the Company, if any, under the circumstances and in the manner provided in Section 220 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (any and all such rights, and any and all such other rights of the Grantee as may be provided for in Section 220, the “Inspection Rights”). In light of the foregoing, until the first sale of Stock of the Company to the general public pursuant to a registration statement filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act, the Grantee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the Inspection Rights, whether such Inspection Rights would be exercised or pursued directly or indirectly pursuant to Section 220 or otherwise, and covenants and agrees never to directly or indirectly commence, voluntarily aid in any way, prosecute, assign, transfer, or cause to be commenced any claim, action, cause of action, or other proceeding to pursue or exercise the Inspection Rights. The foregoing waiver shall not affect any rights of a director, in his or her capacity as such, under Section 220. The foregoing waiver shall not apply to any contractual inspection rights of the Grantee under any other written agreement between the Grantee and the Company. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]   15 The foregoing Restricted Stock Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof are hereby agreed to by the undersigned as of the date written in Section 1(a) above.   ACELYRIN, INC. By:       Name:   Title: Address:     The undersigned hereby acknowledges receiving and reviewing a copy of the Plan, including, without limitation, Section 9 thereof and understands that the Shares purchased hereby are subject to the terms of the Plan, the Grant Notice, and this Agreement. This Agreement is hereby accepted, and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING THE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6 AND THE WAIVER OF STATUTORY INFORMATION RIGHTS SET FORTH IN SECTION 7 OF THIS AGREEMENT, are hereby agreed to, by the undersigned as of the date first above written.   GRANTEE:   Name: Address:       [SPOUSE’S CONSENT 3 I acknowledge that I have read the foregoing Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and understand the contents thereof. ____________________________________]     3   A spouse’s consent is required only if the Grantee’s state of residence is one of the following community property states: Arizona, California, Idaho, Louisiana, New Mexico, Nevada, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin.   17 EXHIBIT A Section 83(b) Election The undersigned hereby elects pursuant to §83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to include in gross income as compensation for services the excess (if any) of the fair market value of the shares described below over the amount paid for those shares.   1. The name, taxpayer identification number, address of the undersigned, and the taxable year for which this election is being made are:   Name:       Address:             Social Security No.:       Taxable Year: Calendar Year 20___     2. The property which is the subject of this election is [number of unvested shares] shares of common stock of ACELYRIN, INC..   3. The property was transferred to the undersigned on [date of purchase/transfer].   4. The property is subject to the following restrictions: The Shares will be subject to restrictions on transfer and risk of forfeiture upon termination of service relationship and in certain other events.   5. The fair market value of the property at time of transfer (determined without regard to any restrictions other than nonlapse restrictions as defined in §1.83-3(h) of the Income Tax Regulations) is $[current FMV] per share x [number of unvested shares] shares = $______________.   6. For the property transferred, the undersigned paid $[ exercise price] per share x [number of unvested shares] shares = $______________.   7. The amount to include in gross income is $[amount reported in Item 5 minus the amount reported in Item 6]. The undersigned taxpayer will file this election with the Internal Revenue Service Office with which the taxpayer files his or her annual income tax return not later than 30 days after the date of transfer of the property, at the IRS address listed for the taxpayer’s state under “Are you not including a check or money order . . .” given in Where Do You File in the Instructions for Form 1040 and the Instructions for Form 1040A (which information can also be found at: https://www.irs.gov/uac/where-to-file-addresses-for-taxpayers-and-tax-professionals ). A copy of the election will also be furnished to the person for whom the services were performed. The undersigned is the person performing services in connection with which the property was transferred.   Dated:______________________, 20___             Taxpayer   18 INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN Pursuant to the ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan (the “Plan”), ACELYRIN, INC. , a Delaware corporation (together with any successor, the “Company”), has granted to the individual named below, an option (the “Stock Option”) to purchase on or prior to the Expiration Date, or such earlier date as is specified herein, all or any part of the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share (“Common Stock”), of the Company indicated below (the “Shares”), at the Option Exercise Price per share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Incentive Stock Option Grant Notice (the “Grant Notice”), the attached Incentive Stock Option Agreement (the “Agreement”) and the Plan. This Stock Option is intended to qualify as an “incentive stock option” as defined in Section 422(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (the “Code”). To the extent that any portion of the Stock Option does not so qualify, it shall be deemed a non-qualified stock option.   Name of Optionee:    __________________ (the “Optionee”) No. of Shares:    __________ Shares of Common Stock Grant Date:    __________________ Vesting Commencement Date:    __________________ (the “Vesting Commencement Date”) Expiration Date:    __________________ (the “Expiration Date”) Option Exercise Price/Share:    $_________________ (the “Option Exercise Price”) Vesting Schedule:    [25] percent of the Shares shall vest and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date; provided that the Optionee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company at such time. Thereafter, the remaining [75] percent of the Shares shall vest and become exercisable in [36] equal monthly installments following the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, provided the Optionee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company on each vesting date. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, in the case of a Sale Event, this Stock Option and the Shares shall be treated as provided in Section 3(c) of the Plan[ provided; however INSERT ANY ACCELERATED VESTING PROVISION HERE] . Attachments : Incentive Stock Option Agreement, 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan. 1. Vesting, Exercisability and Termination . (a) No portion of this Stock Option may be exercised until such portion shall have vested and become exercisable. (b) Except as set forth below, and subject to the determination of the Committee in its sole discretion to accelerate the vesting schedule hereunder, this Stock Option shall be vested and exercisable on the respective dates indicated below: (i) This Stock Option shall initially be unvested and unexercisable. (ii) This Stock Option shall vest and become exercisable in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. (c) Termination . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee, if the Optionee’s Service Relationship is terminated, the period within which to exercise this Stock Option will be subject to earlier termination as set forth below (and if not exercised within such period, shall thereafter terminate subject, in each case, to Section 3(c) of the Plan): (i) Termination Due to Death or Disability . If the Optionee’s Service Relationship terminates by reason of such Optionee’s death or Disability, this Stock Option may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of such termination, by the Optionee, the Optionee’s legal representative or legatee for a period of 12 months from the date of death or Disability or until the Expiration Date, if earlier. (ii) Other Termination . If the Optionee’s Service Relationship terminates for any reason other than death or Disability, and unless otherwise determined by the Committee, this Stock Option may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of termination, for a period of 90 days from the date of termination or until the Expiration Date, if earlier; provided however , if the Optionee’s Service Relationship is terminated for Cause, this Stock Option shall terminate immediately upon the date of such termination. For purposes hereof, the Committee’s determination of the reason for termination of the Optionee’s Service Relationship shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and his or her representatives or legatees. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not vested and exercisable on the date of termination of the Service Relationship shall terminate immediately and be null and void.   2 (d) It is understood and intended that this Stock Option is intended to qualify as an “incentive stock option” as defined in Section 422 of the Code to the extent permitted under applicable law. Accordingly, the Optionee understands that in order to obtain the benefits of an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code, no sale or other disposition may be made of Shares for which incentive stock option treatment is desired within the one-year period beginning on the day after the day of the transfer of such Shares to him or her, nor within the two-year period beginning on the day after Grant Date of this Stock Option and further that this Stock Option must be exercised within three months after termination of employment as an employee (or 12 months in the case of death or disability) to qualify as an incentive stock option. If the Optionee disposes (whether by sale, gift, transfer or otherwise) of any such Shares within either of these periods, he or she will notify the Company within 30 days after such disposition. The Optionee also agrees to provide the Company with any information concerning any such dispositions required by the Company for tax purposes. Further, to the extent this Stock Option and any other incentive stock options of the Optionee having an aggregate Fair Market Value in excess of $100,000 (determined as of the Grant Date) first become exercisable in any year, such options will not qualify as incentive stock options. 2. Exercise of Stock Option . (a) The Optionee may exercise this Stock Option only in the following manner: Prior to the Expiration Date, the Optionee may deliver a Stock Option exercise notice (an “Exercise Notice”) in the form of Appendix  A hereto indicating his or her election to purchase some or all of the Shares with respect to which this Stock Option is then exercisable. Such notice shall specify the number of Shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price may be made by one or more of the methods described in Section 5 of the Plan, subject to the limitations contained in such Section of the Plan, including the requirement that the Committee specifically approve in advance certain payment methods. (b) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Stock Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date. 3. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Stock Option shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan. 4. Transferability of Stock Option . This Stock Option is personal to the Optionee and is not transferable by the Optionee in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. The Stock Option may be exercised during the Optionee’s lifetime only by the Optionee (or by the Optionee’s guardian or personal representative in the event of the Optionee’s incapacity). The Optionee may elect to designate a beneficiary by providing written notice of the name of such beneficiary to the Company, and may revoke or change such designation at any time by filing written notice of revocation or change with the Company; such beneficiary may exercise the Optionee’s Stock Option in the event of the Optionee’s death to the extent provided herein. If the Optionee does not designate a beneficiary, or if the designated beneficiary predeceases the Optionee, the legal representative of the Optionee may exercise this Stock Option to the extent provided herein in the event of the Optionee’s death.   3 5. Restrictions on Transfer of Shares . The Shares acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option shall be subject to certain transfer restrictions and other limitations including, without limitation, the provisions contained in Section 9 of the Plan. 6. Miscellaneous Provisions . (a) Equitable Relief . The parties hereto agree and declare that legal remedies may be inadequate to enforce the provisions of this Agreement and that equitable relief, including specific performance and injunctive relief, may be used to enforce the provisions of this Agreement. (b) Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure . If, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Common Stock, the outstanding shares of Common Stock are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the Company, the restrictions contained in this Agreement shall apply with equal force to additional and/or substitute securities, if any, received by the Optionee in exchange for, or by virtue of his or her ownership of, this Stock Option or Shares acquired pursuant thereto. (c) Change and Modifications . This Agreement may not be orally changed, modified or terminated, nor shall any oral waiver of any of its terms be effective. This Agreement may be changed, modified or terminated only by an agreement in writing signed by the Company and the Optionee. (d) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, and as to all other matters shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of California, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of California. (e) Headings . The headings are intended only for convenience in finding the subject matter and do not constitute part of the text of this Agreement and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement. (f) Saving Clause . If any provision(s) of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, such determination shall in no manner affect the legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof. (g) Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications shall be in writing and be deemed given when delivered personally, by telex or facsimile transmission or when received if mailed by first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company or the Optionee shall be addressed as set forth underneath their signatures below, or to such other address or addresses as may have been furnished by such party in writing to the other.   4 (h) Benefit and Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective successors, assigns, and legal representatives. The Company has the right to assign this Agreement, and such assignee shall become entitled to all the rights of the Company hereunder to the extent of such assignment. (i) Counterparts . For the convenience of the parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same document. (j) Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Stock Option and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 7. Dispute Resolution . (a) Except as provided below, any dispute arising out of or relating to the Plan or this Stock Option, this Agreement, or the breach, termination or validity of the Plan, this Stock Option or this Agreement, shall be finally settled by binding arbitration conducted expeditiously in accordance with the J.A.M.S./Endispute Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “J.A.M.S. Rules”). The arbitration shall be governed by the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Sections 1 16, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration shall be North California. (b) The arbitration shall commence within 60 days of the date on which a written demand for arbitration is filed by any party hereto. In connection with the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall have the power to order the production of documents by each party and any third-party witnesses. In addition, each party may take up to three depositions as of right, and the arbitrator may in his or her discretion allow additional depositions upon good cause shown by the moving party. However, the arbitrator shall not have the power to order the answering of interrogatories or the response to requests for admission. In connection with any arbitration, each party to the arbitration shall provide to the other, no later than seven business days before the date of the arbitration, the identity of all persons that may testify at the arbitration and a copy of all documents that may be introduced at the arbitration or considered or used by a party’s witness or expert. The arbitrator’s decision and award shall be made and delivered within six months of the selection of the arbitrator. The arbitrator’s decision shall set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability. The arbitrator shall not have power to award damages in excess of actual compensatory damages and shall not multiply actual damages or award punitive damages, and each party hereby irrevocably waives any claim to such damages. (c) The Company, the Optionee, each party to the Agreement and any other holder of Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement (each, a “Party”) covenants and agrees that such party will participate in the arbitration in good faith. This Section 7 applies equally to requests for temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, except that in the case of temporary or preliminary injunctive relief any party may proceed in court without prior arbitration for the limited purpose of avoiding immediate and irreparable harm.   5 (d) Each Party (i) hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any United States District Court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of enforcing the award or decision in any such proceeding, (ii) hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution (except as protected by applicable law), that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court, and (iii) hereby waives and agrees not to seek any review by any court of any other jurisdiction which may be called upon to grant an enforcement of the judgment of any such court. Each Party hereby consents to service of process by registered mail at the address to which notices are to be given. Each Party agrees that its, his or her submission to jurisdiction and its, his or her consent to service of process by mail is made for the express benefit of each other Party. Final judgment against any Party in any such action, suit or proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit, action or proceeding on the judgment, or in any other manner provided by or pursuant to the laws of such other jurisdiction. 8. Waiver of Statutory Information Rights . The Optionee understands and agrees that, but for the waiver made herein, the Optionee would be entitled, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, to inspect for any proper purpose, and to make copies and extracts from, the Company’s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and the books and records of subsidiaries of the Company, if any, under the circumstances and in the manner provided in Section 220 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (any and all such rights, and any and all such other rights of the Optionee as may be provided for in Section 220, the “Inspection Rights”). In light of the foregoing, until the first sale of Stock of the Company to the general public pursuant to a registration statement filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act, the Optionee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the Inspection Rights, whether such Inspection Rights would be exercised or pursued directly or indirectly pursuant to Section 220 or otherwise, and covenants and agrees never to directly or indirectly commence, voluntarily aid in any way, prosecute, assign, transfer, or cause to be commenced any claim, action, cause of action, or other proceeding to pursue or exercise the Inspection Rights. The foregoing waiver shall not affect any rights of a director, in his or her capacity as such, under Section 220. The foregoing waiver shall not apply to any contractual inspection rights of the Optionee under any other written agreement between the Optionee and the Company. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]   6 The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned as of the date first above written.   ACELYRIN, INC. By:       Name:   Title: Address:       The undersigned hereby acknowledges receiving and reviewing a copy of the Plan, including, without limitation, Section 9 thereof, and understands that this Stock Option is subject to the terms of the Plan and of this Agreement. This Agreement is hereby accepted, and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING THE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 7 AND THE WAIVER OF STATUTORY INFORMATION RIGHTS SET FORTH IN SECTION 8 OF THIS AGREEMENT, are hereby agreed to, by the undersigned as of the date first above written.   OPTIONEE:   Name: Address:         7 [SPOUSE’S CONSENT 1 I acknowledge that I have read the foregoing Incentive Stock Option Agreement and understand the contents thereof. ____________________________________]     1   A spouse’s consent is recommended only if the Optionee’s state of residence is one of the following community property states: Arizona, California, Idaho, Louisiana, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin.   8 DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY:   Beneficiary’s Address:         9 Appendix A STOCK OPTION EXERCISE NOTICE   ACELYRIN, INC. Attention: [____________________]     Pursuant to the terms of the grant notice and stock option agreement between the undersigned and ACELYRIN, INC. (the “Company”) dated __________ (the “Agreement”) under the ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan, I, [Insert Name] ________________, hereby [Circle One] partially/fully exercise such option by including herein payment in the amount of $______ representing the purchase price for [Fill in number of Shares] _______ Shares. I have chosen the following form(s) of payment:   [    ]    1.    Cash [    ]    2.    Certified or bank check payable to ACELYRIN, INC. [    ]    3.    Other (as referenced in the Agreement and described in the Plan (please describe)) ___________________________________________________________________________________________________. In connection with my exercise of the option as set forth above, I hereby represent and warrant to the Company as follows: (i) I am purchasing the Shares for my own account for investment only, and not for resale or with a view to the distribution thereof. (ii) I have had such an opportunity as I have deemed adequate to obtain from the Company such information as is necessary to permit me to evaluate the merits and risks of my investment in the Company and have consulted with my own advisers with respect to my investment in the Company. (iii) I have sufficient experience in business, financial and investment matters to be able to evaluate the risks involved in the purchase of the Shares and to make an informed investment decision with respect to such purchase. (iv) I can afford a complete loss of the value of the Shares and am able to bear the economic risk of holding such Shares for an indefinite period of time. (v) I understand that the Shares may not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (it being understood that the Shares are being issued and sold in reliance on the exemption provided in Rule 701 thereunder) or any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws and may not be sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 and under any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws (or exemptions from the registration requirement thereof). I further acknowledge that certificates representing Shares will bear restrictive legends reflecting the foregoing and/or that book entries for uncertificated Shares will include similar restrictive notations.   10 (vi) I have read and understand the Plan and acknowledge and agree that the Shares are subject to all of the relevant terms of the Plan, including without limitation, the transfer restrictions set forth in Section 9 of the Plan. (vii) I understand and agree that the Company has a right of first refusal with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(b) of the Plan. (viii) I understand and agree that the Company has certain repurchase rights with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(c) of the Plan. (ix) I understand and agree that I may not sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of the Shares for a period of time following the effective date of a public offering by the Company as described in Section 9(f) of the Plan. (x) I understand and agree to the waiver of statutory information rights as set forth in Section 8 of the Agreement.   Sincerely yours,   Name: Address:       Date:                                                                                                   11 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN Pursuant to the ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan (the “Plan”), ACELYRIN, INC. , a Delaware corporation (together with any successor, the “Company”), has granted to the individual named below, an option (the “Stock Option”) to purchase on or prior to the Expiration Date, or such earlier date as is specified herein, all or any part of the number of shares of Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share (“Common Stock”), of the Company indicated below (the “Shares”), at the Option Exercise Price per share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Notice (the “Grant Notice”), the attached Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (the “Agreement”) and the Plan. This Stock Option is not intended to qualify as an “incentive stock option” as defined in Section 422(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (the “Code”).   Name of Optionee:    __________________ (the “Optionee”) No. of Shares:    __________ Shares of Common Stock Grant Date:    __________________ Vesting Commencement Date:    __________________ (the “Vesting Commencement Date”) Expiration Date:    __________________ (the “Expiration Date”) Option Exercise Price/Share:    $_________________ (the “Option Exercise Price”) Vesting Schedule:    [25] percent of the Shares shall vest and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date; provided that the Optionee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company at such time. Thereafter, the remaining [75] percent of the Shares shall vest and become exercisable in [36] equal monthly installments following the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, provided the Optionee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company on each vesting date. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, in the case of a Sale Event, this Stock Option and the Shares shall be treated as provided in Section 3(c) of the Plan[ provided; however INSERT ANY ACCELERATED VESTING PROVISION HERE] . Attachments : Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan. 1. Vesting, Exercisability and Termination . (a) No portion of this Stock Option may be exercised until such portion shall have vested and become exercisable. (b) Except as set forth below, and subject to the determination of the Committee in its sole discretion to accelerate the vesting schedule hereunder, this Stock Option shall be vested and exercisable on the respective dates indicated below: (i) This Stock Option shall initially be unvested and unexercisable. (ii) This Stock Option shall vest and become exercisable in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. (c) Termination . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee, if the Optionee’s Service Relationship is terminated, the period within which to exercise this Stock Option will be subject to earlier termination as set forth below (and if not exercised within such period, shall thereafter terminate subject, in each case, to Section 3(c) of the Plan): (i) Termination Due to Death or Disability . If the Optionee’s Service Relationship terminates by reason of such Optionee’s death or Disability, this Stock Option may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of such termination, by the Optionee, the Optionee’s legal representative or legatee for a period of 12 months from the date of death or Disability or until the Expiration Date, if earlier. (ii) Other Termination . If the Optionee’s Service Relationship terminates for any reason other than death or Disability, and unless otherwise determined by the Committee, this Stock Option may be exercised, to the extent exercisable on the date of termination, for a period of 90 days from the date of termination or until the Expiration Date, if earlier; provided however , if the Optionee’s Service Relationship is terminated for Cause, this Stock Option shall terminate immediately upon the date of such termination. For purposes hereof, the Committee’s determination of the reason for termination of the Optionee’s Service Relationship shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and his or her representatives or legatees and any Permitted Transferee. Any portion of this Stock Option that is not vested and exercisable on the date of termination of the Service Relationship shall terminate immediately and be null and void.   2 2. Exercise of Stock Option . (a) The Optionee may exercise this Stock Option only in the following manner: Prior to the Expiration Date, the Optionee may deliver a Stock Option exercise notice (an “Exercise Notice”) in the form of Appendix  A hereto indicating his or her election to purchase some or all of the Shares with respect to which this Stock Option is then exercisable. Such notice shall specify the number of Shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price may be made by one or more of the methods described in Section 5 of the Plan, subject to the limitations contained in such Section of the Plan, including the requirement that the Committee specifically approve in advance certain payment methods. (b) Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Stock Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date. 3. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Stock Option shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan. 4. Transferability of Stock Option . This Stock Option is personal to the Optionee and is not transferable by the Optionee in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. The Stock Option may be exercised during the Optionee’s lifetime only by the Optionee (or by the Optionee’s guardian or personal representative in the event of the Optionee’s incapacity). The Optionee may elect to designate a beneficiary by providing written notice of the name of such beneficiary to the Company, and may revoke or change such designation at any time by filing written notice of revocation or change with the Company; such beneficiary may exercise the Optionee’s Stock Option in the event of the Optionee’s death to the extent provided herein. If the Optionee does not designate a beneficiary, or if the designated beneficiary predeceases the Optionee, the legal representative of the Optionee may exercise this Stock Option to the extent provided herein in the event of the Optionee’s death. 5. Restrictions on Transfer of Shares . The Shares acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option shall be subject to certain transfer restrictions and other limitations including, without limitation, the provisions contained in Section 9 of the Plan. 6. Miscellaneous Provisions . (a) Equitable Relief . The parties hereto agree and declare that legal remedies may be inadequate to enforce the provisions of this Agreement and that equitable relief, including specific performance and injunctive relief, may be used to enforce the provisions of this Agreement. (b) Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure . If, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Common Stock, the outstanding shares of Common Stock are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the Company, the restrictions contained in this Agreement shall apply with equal force to additional and/or substitute securities, if any, received by the Optionee in exchange for, or by virtue of his or her ownership of, this Stock Option or Shares acquired pursuant thereto.   3 (c) Change and Modifications . This Agreement may not be orally changed, modified or terminated, nor shall any oral waiver of any of its terms be effective. This Agreement may be changed, modified or terminated only by an agreement in writing signed by the Company and the Optionee. (d) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, and as to all other matters shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of California, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of California. (e) Headings . The headings are intended only for convenience in finding the subject matter and do not constitute part of the text of this Agreement and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement. (f) Saving Clause . If any provision(s) of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, such determination shall in no manner affect the legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof. (g) Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications shall be in writing and be deemed given when delivered personally, by telex or facsimile transmission or when received if mailed by first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company or the Optionee shall be addressed as set forth underneath their signatures below, or to such other address or addresses as may have been furnished by such party in writing to the other. (h) Benefit and Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective successors, assigns, and legal representatives. The Company has the right to assign this Agreement, and such assignee shall become entitled to all the rights of the Company hereunder to the extent of such assignment. (i) Counterparts . For the convenience of the parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same document. (j) Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Stock Option and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 7. Dispute Resolution . (a) Except as provided below, any dispute arising out of or relating to the Plan or this Stock Option, this Agreement, or the breach, termination or validity of the Plan, this Stock Option or this Agreement, shall be finally settled by binding arbitration conducted expeditiously in accordance with the J.A.M.S./Endispute Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “J.A.M.S. Rules”). The arbitration shall be governed by the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Sections 1-16, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration shall be North California.   4 (b) The arbitration shall commence within 60 days of the date on which a written demand for arbitration is filed by any party hereto. In connection with the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall have the power to order the production of documents by each party and any third-party witnesses. In addition, each party may take up to three depositions as of right, and the arbitrator may in his or her discretion allow additional depositions upon good cause shown by the moving party. However, the arbitrator shall not have the power to order the answering of interrogatories or the response to requests for admission. In connection with any arbitration, each party to the arbitration shall provide to the other, no later than seven business days before the date of the arbitration, the identity of all persons that may testify at the arbitration and a copy of all documents that may be introduced at the arbitration or considered or used by a party’s witness or expert. The arbitrator’s decision and award shall be made and delivered within six months of the selection of the arbitrator. The arbitrator’s decision shall set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability. The arbitrator shall not have power to award damages in excess of actual compensatory damages and shall not multiply actual damages or award punitive damages, and each party hereby irrevocably waives any claim to such damages. (c) The Company, the Optionee, each party to the Agreement and any other holder of Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement (each, a “Party”) covenants and agrees that such party will participate in the arbitration in good faith. This Section 7 applies equally to requests for temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, except that in the case of temporary or preliminary injunctive relief any party may proceed in court without prior arbitration for the limited purpose of avoiding immediate and irreparable harm. (d) Each Party (i) hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any United States District Court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of enforcing the award or decision in any such proceeding, (ii) hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution (except as protected by applicable law), that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court, and (iii) hereby waives and agrees not to seek any review by any court of any other jurisdiction which may be called upon to grant an enforcement of the judgment of any such court. Each Party hereby consents to service of process by registered mail at the address to which notices are to be given. Each Party agrees that its, his or her submission to jurisdiction and its, his or her consent to service of process by mail is made for the express benefit of each other Party. Final judgment against any Party in any such action, suit or proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit, action or proceeding on the judgment, or in any other manner provided by or pursuant to the laws of such other jurisdiction. 8. Waiver of Statutory Information Rights . The Optionee understands and agrees that, but for the waiver made herein, the Optionee would be entitled, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, to inspect for any proper purpose, and to make copies and extracts from, the Company’s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and the books and records of subsidiaries of the Company, if any, under the circumstances and in the manner provided in Section 220 of the General Corporation Law of   5 Delaware (any and all such rights, and any and all such other rights of the Optionee as may be provided for in Section 220, the “Inspection Rights”). In light of the foregoing, until the first sale of Stock of the Company to the general public pursuant to a registration statement filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act, the Optionee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the Inspection Rights, whether such Inspection Rights would be exercised or pursued directly or indirectly pursuant to Section 220 or otherwise, and covenants and agrees never to directly or indirectly commence, voluntarily aid in any way, prosecute, assign, transfer, or cause to be commenced any claim, action, cause of action, or other proceeding to pursue or exercise the Inspection Rights. The foregoing waiver shall not affect any rights of a director, in his or her capacity as such, under Section 220. The foregoing waiver shall not apply to any contractual inspection rights of the Optionee under any other written agreement between the Optionee and the Company. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]   6 The foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned as of the date first above written.   ACELYRIN, INC. By:       Name:   Title: Address:     The undersigned hereby acknowledges receiving and reviewing a copy of the Plan, including, without limitation, Section 9 thereof, and understands that this Stock Option is subject to the terms of the Plan and of this Agreement. This Agreement is hereby accepted, and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING THE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 7 AND THE WAIVER OF STATUTORY INFORMATION RIGHTS SET FORTH IN SECTION 8 OF THIS AGREEMENT, are hereby agreed to, by the undersigned as of the date first above written.   OPTIONEE:   Name: Address:         7 [SPOUSE’S CONSENT 1 I acknowledge that I have read the foregoing Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement and understand the contents thereof. ____________________________________]     1   A spouse’s consent is recommended only if the Optionee’s state of residence is one of the following community property states: Arizona, California, Idaho, Louisiana, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin.   8 DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY:   Beneficiary’s Address:         9 Appendix A STOCK OPTION EXERCISE NOTICE   ACELYRIN, INC. Attention: [____________________] [Address] Pursuant to the terms of the grant notice and stock option agreement between the undersigned and ACELYRIN, INC. (the “Company”) dated __________ (the “Agreement”) under the ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan, I, [Insert Name] ________________, hereby [Circle One] partially/fully exercise such option by including herein payment in the amount of $______ representing the purchase price for [Fill in number of Shares] _______ Shares. I have chosen the following form(s) of payment:   [    ]    1.    Cash [    ]    2.    Certified or bank check payable to ACELYRIN, INC. [    ]    3.    Other (as referenced in the Agreement and described in the Plan (please describe)) ______________________________________________________________________________________________. In connection with my exercise of the option as set forth above, I hereby represent and warrant to the Company as follows: (i) I am purchasing the Shares for my own account for investment only, and not for resale or with a view to the distribution thereof. (ii) I have had such an opportunity as I have deemed adequate to obtain from the Company such information as is necessary to permit me to evaluate the merits and risks of my investment in the Company and have consulted with my own advisers with respect to my investment in the Company. (iii) I have sufficient experience in business, financial and investment matters to be able to evaluate the risks involved in the purchase of the Shares and to make an informed investment decision with respect to such purchase. (iv) I can afford a complete loss of the value of the Shares and am able to bear the economic risk of holding such Shares for an indefinite period of time. (v) I understand that the Shares may not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (it being understood that the Shares are being issued and sold in reliance on the exemption provided in Rule 701 thereunder) or any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws and may not be sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 and under any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws (or exemptions from the registration requirement thereof). I further acknowledge that certificates representing Shares will bear restrictive legends reflecting the foregoing and/or that book entries for uncertificated Shares will include similar restrictive notations.   10 (vi) I have read and understand the Plan and acknowledge and agree that the Shares are subject to all of the relevant terms of the Plan, including without limitation, the transfer restrictions set forth in Section 9 of the Plan. (vii) I understand and agree that the Company has a right of first refusal with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(b) of the Plan. (viii) I understand and agree that the Company has certain repurchase rights with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(c) of the Plan. (ix) I understand and agree that I may not sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of the Shares for a period of time following the effective date of a public offering by the Company as described in Section 9(f) of the Plan. (x) I understand and agree to the waiver of statutory information rights as set forth in Section 8 of the Agreement.   Sincerely yours,   Name: Address:       Date:                                                                                               11 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD NOTICE UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN Pursuant to the ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan (the “Plan”), ACELYRIN, INC., a Delaware corporation (together with any successor, the “Company”), hereby grants, sells and issues to the individual named below, the Shares at the Per Share Purchase Price, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Restricted Stock Award Notice (the “Award Notice”), the attached Restricted Stock Agreement (the “Agreement”) and the Plan. The Grantee agrees to the provisions set forth herein and acknowledges that each such provision is a material condition of the Company’s agreement to issue and sell the Shares to him or her. The Company hereby acknowledges receipt of $[              ] in full payment for the Shares. All references to share prices and amounts herein shall be equitably adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, mergers, reorganizations and similar changes affecting the capital stock of the Company, and any shares of capital stock of the Company received on or in respect of Shares in connection with any such event (including any shares of capital stock or any right, option or warrant to receive the same or any security convertible into or exchangeable for any such shares or received upon conversion of any such shares) shall be subject to this Agreement on the same basis and extent at the relevant time as the Shares in respect of which they were issued, and shall be deemed Shares as if and to the same extent they were issued at the date hereof.   Name of Grantee:    __________________ (the “Grantee”) No. of Shares:    ________Shares of Common Stock (the “Shares”) Grant Date:    _______ ___,_____ Date of Purchase of Shares:    _______ ___,_____ Vesting Commencement Date:    _______ ___,_____ (the “Vesting Commencement Date”) Per Share Purchase Price:    $_______ (the “Per Share Purchase Price”) Vesting Schedule:    [25] percent of the Shares shall vest on the [first] anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date; provided that the Grantee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company at such time. Thereafter, the remaining [75] percent of the Shares shall vest in [36] equal monthly installments following the first anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, provided the Grantee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company at such time. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary in the case of a Sale Event, the Shares of Restricted Stock shall be treated as provided in Section 3(c) of the Plan [provided; however INSERT ANY ACCELERATED VESTING PROVISION HERE] .   1 Attachments: Restricted Stock Agreement, 2020 Stock Option and Grant Plan   2 RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT UNDER THE ACELYRIN, INC. 2020 STOCK OPTION AND GRANT PLAN All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Award Notice and the Plan. 1. Purchase and Sale of Shares; Vesting; Investment Representations. (a) Purchase and Sale . The Company hereby sells to the Grantee, and the Grantee hereby purchases from the Company, the number of Shares set forth in the Award Notice for the Per Share Purchase Price. (b) Vesting . Initially, all of the Shares are non-transferable and subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture and are Shares of Restricted Stock. The risk of forfeiture shall lapse with respect to the Shares on the respective dates indicated on the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Award Notice. (c) Investment Representations . In connection with the purchase and sale of the Shares contemplated by Section 1(a) above, the Grantee hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows: (i) The Grantee is purchasing the Shares for the Grantee’s own account for investment only, and not for resale or with a view to the distribution thereof. (ii) The Grantee has had such an opportunity as he or she has deemed adequate to obtain from the Company such information as is necessary to permit him or her to evaluate the merits and risks of the Grantee’s investment in the Company and has consulted with the Grantee’s own advisers with respect to the Grantee’s investment in the Company. (iii) The Grantee has sufficient experience in business, financial and investment matters to be able to evaluate the risks involved in the purchase of the Shares and to make an informed investment decision with respect to such purchase. (iv) The Grantee can afford a complete loss of the value of the Shares and is able to bear the economic risk of holding such Shares for an indefinite period. (v) The Grantee understands that the Shares are not registered under the Act (it being understood that the Shares are being issued and sold in reliance on the exemption provided in Rule 701 thereunder) or any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws and may not be sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Act and under any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws (or exemptions from the registration requirements thereof). The Grantee further acknowledges that certificates representing the Shares will bear restrictive legends reflecting the foregoing and/or that book entries for uncertificated Shares will include similar restrictive notations.   3 (vi) The Grantee has read and understands the Plan and acknowledges and agrees that the Shares are subject to all of the relevant terms of the Plan, including without limitation, the transfer restrictions set forth in Section 9 of the Plan. (vii) The Grantee understands and agrees that the Company has a right of first refusal with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(b) of the Plan. (viii) The Grantee understands and agree that the Company has certain repurchase rights with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(c) of the Plan. (ix) The Grantee understands and agrees that the Grantee may not sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of the Shares for a period of time following the effective date of a public offering by the Company as described in Section 9(f) of the Plan. 2. Repurchase Right . Upon a Termination Event, the Company shall have the right to repurchase Shares of Restricted Stock that are unvested as of the date of such Termination Event as set forth in Section 9(c) of the Plan. 3. Restrictions on Transfer of Shares . The Shares (whether or not vested) shall be subject to certain transfer restrictions and other limitations including, without limitation, the provisions contained in Section 9 of the Plan. 4. Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Restricted Stock Award shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan. 5. Miscellaneous Provisions. (a) Record Owner; Dividends . The Grantee and any Permitted Transferees, during the duration of this Agreement, shall be considered the record owners of and shall be entitled to vote the Shares if and to the extent the Shares are entitled to voting rights. The Grantee and any Permitted Transferees shall be entitled to receive all dividends and any other distributions declared on the Shares; provided , however , that the Company is under no duty to declare any such dividends or to make any such distribution. (b) Section 83(b) Election . The Grantee shall consult with the Grantee’s tax advisor to determine whether it would be appropriate for the Grantee to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with respect to this Award. Any such election must be filed with the Internal Revenue Service within 30 days of the date of this Award. If the Grantee makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, the Grantee shall give prompt notice to the Company (and provide a copy of such election to the Company). A sample Section 83(b) election is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A. (c) Equitable Relief . The parties hereto agree and declare that legal remedies may be inadequate to enforce the provisions of this Agreement and that equitable relief, including specific performance and injunctive relief, may be used to enforce the provisions of this Agreement.   4 (d) Change and Modifications . This Agreement may not be orally changed, modified or terminated, nor shall any oral waiver of any of its terms be effective. This Agreement may be changed, modified or terminated only by an agreement in writing signed by the Company and the Grantee. (e) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, and as to all other matters shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of California, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of California. (f) Headings . The headings are intended only for convenience in finding the subject matter and do not constitute part of the text of this Agreement and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement. (g) Saving Clause . If any provision(s) of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, such determination shall in no manner affect the legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof. (h) Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications shall be in writing and be deemed given when delivered personally, by telex or facsimile transmission or when received if mailed by first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company or the Grantee shall be addressed as set forth underneath their signatures below, or to such other address or addresses as may have been furnished by such party in writing to the other. (i) Benefit and Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective successors, assigns, and legal representatives. The Company has the right to assign this Agreement, and such assignee shall become entitled to all the rights of the Company hereunder to the extent of such assignment. (j) Counterparts . For the convenience of the parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same document. (k) Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Award and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 6. Dispute Resolution. (a) Except as provided below, any dispute arising out of or relating to the Plan or the Shares, this Agreement, or the breach, termination or validity of the Plan, the Shares or this Agreement, shall be finally settled by binding arbitration conducted expeditiously in accordance with the J.A.M.S./Endispute Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “J.A.M.S. Rules”). The arbitration shall be governed by the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Sections 1—16, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration shall be North California.   5 (b) The arbitration shall commence within 60 days of the date on which a written demand for arbitration is filed by any party hereto. In connection with the arbitration proceeding, the arbitrator shall have the power to order the production of documents by each party and any third-party witnesses. In addition, each party may take up to three depositions as of right, and the arbitrator may in his or her discretion allow additional depositions upon good cause shown by the moving party. However, the arbitrator shall not have the power to order the answering of interrogatories or the response to requests for admission. In connection with any arbitration, each party to the arbitration shall provide to the other, no later than seven business days before the date of the arbitration, the identity of all persons that may testify at the arbitration and a copy of all documents that may be introduced at the arbitration or considered or used by a party’s witness or expert. The arbitrator’s decision and award shall be made and delivered within six months of the selection of the arbitrator. The arbitrator’s decision shall set forth a reasoned basis for any award of damages or finding of liability. The arbitrator shall not have power to award damages in excess of actual compensatory damages and shall not multiply actual damages or award punitive damages, and each party hereby irrevocably waives any claim to such damages. (c) The Company, the Grantee, each party to the Agreement and any other holder of Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement (each, a “Party”) covenants and agrees that such party will participate in the arbitration in good faith. This Section 6 applies equally to requests for temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, except that in the case of temporary or preliminary injunctive relief any party may proceed in court without prior arbitration for the limited purpose of avoiding immediate and irreparable harm. (d) Each Party (i) hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any United States District Court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of enforcing the award or decision in any such proceeding, (ii) hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution (except as protected by applicable law), that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced in or by such court, and (iii) hereby waives and agrees not to seek any review by any court of any other jurisdiction which may be called upon to grant an enforcement of the judgment of any such court. Each Party hereby consents to service of process by registered mail at the address to which notices are to be given. Each Party agrees that its, his or her submission to jurisdiction and its, his or her consent to service of process by mail is made for the express benefit of each other Party. Final judgment against any Party in any such action, suit or proceeding may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit, action or proceeding on the judgment, or in any other manner provided by or pursuant to the laws of such other jurisdiction. 7. Waiver of Statutory Information Rights . The Grantee understands and agrees that, but for the waiver made herein, the Grantee would be entitled, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, to inspect for any proper purpose, and to make copies and extracts from, the Company’s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and the books and records of subsidiaries of the Company, if any, under the circumstances and in the manner provided in Section 220 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (any and all such   6 rights, and any and all such other rights of the Grantee as may be provided for in Section 220, the “Inspection Rights”). In light of the foregoing, until the first sale of Stock of the Company to the general public pursuant to a registration statement filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act, the Grantee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the Inspection Rights, whether such Inspection Rights would be exercised or pursued directly or indirectly pursuant to Section 220 or otherwise, and covenants and agrees never to directly or indirectly commence, voluntarily aid in any way, prosecute, assign, transfer, or cause to be commenced any claim, action, cause of action, or other proceeding to pursue or exercise the Inspection Rights. The foregoing waiver shall not affect any rights of a director, in his or her capacity as such, under Section 220. The foregoing waiver shall not apply to any contractual inspection rights of the Grantee under any other written agreement between the Grantee and the Company. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]   7 The foregoing Restricted Stock Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof are hereby agreed to by the undersigned as of the date of purchase of Shares above written.   ACELYRIN, INC. By:       Name:   Title: Address:     The undersigned hereby acknowledges receiving and reviewing a copy of the Plan, including, without limitation, Section 9 thereof and understands that the Shares granted hereby are subject to the terms of the Plan and of this Agreement. This Agreement is hereby accepted, and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Award Notice and this Agreement, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING THE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6 AND THE WAIVER OF STATUTORY INFORMATION RIGHTS SET FORTH IN SECTION 7 OF THIS AGREEMENT, are hereby agreed to, by the undersigned as of the date first above written.   GRANTEE:   Name: Date:                                                                               Address:         8 [SPOUSE’S CONSENT 1 I acknowledge that I have read the foregoing Restricted Stock Agreement and understand the contents thereof. ________________________________________]     1   A spouse’s consent is required only if the Grantee’s state of residence is one of the following community property states: Arizona, California, Idaho, Louisiana, New Mexico, Nevada, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin.   9 EXHIBIT A Section 83(b) Election The undersigned hereby elects pursuant to §83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to include in gross income as compensation for services the excess (if any) of the fair market value of the shares described below over the amount paid for those shares.   1. The name, taxpayer identification number, address of the undersigned, and the taxable year for which this election is being made are:   Name:       Address:       Social Security No.:       Taxable Year: Calendar Year 20__       2. The property which is the subject of this election is [number of unvested shares] shares of common stock of ACELYRIN, INC.   3. The property was transferred to the undersigned on [date of purchase/transfer].   4. The property is subject to the following restrictions: The Shares will be subject to restrictions on transfer and risk of forfeiture upon termination of service relationship and in certain other events.   5. The fair market value of the property at time of transfer (determined without regard to any restrictions other than nonlapse restrictions as defined in §1.83-3(h) of the Income Tax Regulations) is $[current FMV] per share x [number of unvested shares] shares = $                      .   6. For the property transferred, the undersigned paid $[exercise price] per share x [number of unvested shares] shares = $                      .   7. The amount to include in gross income is $[amount reported in Item 5 minus the amount reported in Item 6]. The undersigned taxpayer will file this election with the Internal Revenue Service Office with which the taxpayer files his or her annual income tax return not later than 30 days after the date of transfer of the property, at the IRS address listed for the taxpayer’s state under “Are you not including a check or money order . . .” given in Where Do You File in the Instructions for Form 1040 and the Instructions for Form 1040A (which information can also be found at: https://www.irs.gov/uac/where-to-file-addresses-for- taxpayers-and-tax-professionals ). A copy of the election will also be furnished to the person for whom the services were performed. The undersigned is the person performing services in connection with which the property was transferred.   Dated:______________________, 20___             Taxpayer   10