EX1A-6 MAT CTRCT 9 tv522644_ex6-16.htm EXHIBIT 6.16   Exhibit 6.16   Restricted Stock AWARD NOTICE under the MONOGRAM ORTHOPAEDICS INC. 2019 Stock Option and Grant Plan   Pursuant to the Monogram Orthopaedics Inc. 2019 Stock Option and Grant Plan (the “ Plan ”), Monogram Orthopaedics Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with any successor, the “ Company ”), hereby grants, sells and issues to the individual named below, the Shares at the Per Share Purchase Price, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Restricted Stock Award Notice (the “ Award Notice ”), the attached Restricted Stock Agreement (the “ Agreement ”) and the Plan. The Grantee agrees to the provisions set forth herein and acknowledges that each such provision is a material condition of the Company’s agreement to issue and sell the Shares to him or her. The Company hereby acknowledges receipt of $489.27 in full payment for the Shares. All references to share prices and amounts herein shall be equitably adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, mergers, reorganizations and similar changes affecting the capital stock of the Company, and any shares of capital stock of the Company received on or in respect of Shares in connection with any such event (including any shares of capital stock or any right, option or warrant to receive the same or any security convertible into or exchangeable for any such shares or received upon conversion of any such shares) shall be subject to this Agreement on the same basis and extent at the relevant time as the Shares in respect of which they were issued, and shall be deemed Shares as if and to the same extent they were issued at the date hereof.   Name of Grantee: Benjamin Sexson (the “ Grantee ”)     No. of Shares: 48,927,010 Shares of Common Stock (the “ Shares ”)     Grant Date: April 30, 2019     Date of Purchase of Shares: April 30, 2019     Vesting Commencement Date: April 29, 2018 (the “ Vesting Commencement Date ”)     Per Share Purchase Price: $0.00001 (the “ Per Share Purchase Price ”)     Vesting Schedule: 37.5% percent of the Shares shall vest immediately upon the execution of the Agreement; provided that the Grantee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company at such time. Thereafter, the remaining 62.5% percent of the Shares shall vest in 10 equal quarterly installments starting on March 31, 2019, provided the Grantee continues to have a Service Relationship with the Company at such time. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, in the case of a Sale Event all then- unvested shares shall vest.     Attachments:  Restricted Stock Agreement, 2019 Stock Option and Grant Plan         Restricted Stock AWARD NOTICE under the MONOGRAM ORTHOPAEDICS INC. 2019 Stock Option and Grant Plan   All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Award Notice and the Plan.   1.             Purchase and Sale of Shares; Vesting; Investment Representations .   (a)            Purchase and Sale . The Company hereby sells to the Grantee, and the Grantee hereby purchases from the Company, the number of Shares set forth in the Award Notice for the Per Share Purchase Price.   (b)            Vesting . Initially, all of the Shares are non-transferable and subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture and are Shares of Restricted Stock. The risk of forfeiture shall lapse with respect to the Shares on the respective dates indicated on the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Award Notice.   (c)            Investment Representations . In connection with the purchase and sale of the Shares contemplated by Section 1(a) above, the Grantee hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows:   (i)       The Grantee is purchasing the Shares for the Grantee’s own account for investment only, and not for resale or with a view to the distribution thereof.   (ii)       The Grantee has had such an opportunity as he or she has deemed adequate to obtain from the Company such information as is necessary to permit him or her to evaluate the merits and risks of the Grantee’s investment in the Company and has consulted with the Grantee’s own advisers with respect to the Grantee’s investment in the Company.   (iii)       The Grantee has sufficient experience in business, financial and investment matters to be able to evaluate the risks involved in the purchase of the Shares and to make an informed investment decision with respect to such purchase.   (iv)       The Grantee can afford a complete loss of the value of the Shares and is able to bear the economic risk of holding such Shares for an indefinite period.   (v)        The Grantee understands that the Shares are not registered under the Act (it being understood that the Shares are being issued and sold in reliance on the exemption provided in Rule 701 thereunder) or any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws and may not be sold or otherwise transferred or disposed of in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Act and under any applicable state securities or “blue sky” laws (or exemptions from the registration requirements thereof). The Grantee further acknowledges that certificates representing the Shares will bear restrictive legends reflecting the foregoing and/or that book entries for uncertificated Shares will include similar restrictive notations.         (vi)       The Grantee has read and understands the Plan and acknowledges and agrees that the Shares are subject to all of the relevant terms of the Plan, including without limitation, the transfer restrictions set forth in Section 9 of the Plan.   (vii)       The Grantee understands and agrees that the Company has a right of first refusal with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(b) of the Plan.   (viii)       The Grantee understands and agree that the Company has certain repurchase rights with respect to the Shares pursuant to Section 9(c) of the Plan.   (ix)         The Grantee understands and agrees that the Grantee may not sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of the Shares for a period of time following the effective date of a public offering by the Company as described in Section 9(f) of the Plan.   2.             Repurchase Right . Upon a Termination Event, the Company shall have the right to repurchase Shares of Restricted Stock that are unvested as of the date of such Termination Event as set forth in Section 9(c) of the Plan.   3.             Restrictions on Transfer of Shares . The Shares (whether or not vested) shall be subject to certain transfer restrictions and other limitations including, without limitation, the provisions contained in Section 9 of the Plan   4.             Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Restricted Stock Award shall be subject to and governed by all the terms and conditions of the Plan.   5.             Miscellaneous Provisions .   (a)            Record Owner; Dividends . The Grantee and any Permitted Transferees, during the duration of this Agreement, shall be considered the record owners of and shall be entitled to vote the Shares if and to the extent the Shares are entitled to voting rights. The Grantee and any Permitted Transferees shall be entitled to receive all dividends and any other distributions declared on the Shares; provided , however , that the Company is under no duty to declare any such dividends or to make any such distribution.   (b)           Section 83(b) Election . The Grantee shall consult with the Grantee’s tax advisor to determine whether it would be appropriate for the Grantee to make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with respect to this Award. Any such election must be filed with the Internal Revenue Service within 30 days of the date of this Award. If the Grantee makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, the Grantee shall give prompt notice to the Company (and provide a copy of such election to the Company). A sample Section 83(b) election is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A.   (c)            Equitable Relief . The parties hereto agree and declare that legal remedies may be inadequate to enforce the provisions of this Agreement and that equitable relief, including specific performance and injunctive relief, may be used to enforce the provisions of this Agreement.         (d)           Change and Modifications . This Agreement may not be orally changed, modified or terminated, nor shall any oral waiver of any of its terms be effective. This Agreement may be changed, modified or terminated only by an agreement in writing signed by the Company and the Grantee.   (e)           Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, and as to all other matters shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware.   (f)            Headings . The headings are intended only for convenience in finding the subject matter and do not constitute part of the text of this Agreement and shall not be considered in the interpretation of this Agreement.   (g)           Saving Clause . If any provision(s) of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, such determination shall in no manner affect the legality or enforceability of any other provision hereof.   (h)           Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications shall be in writing and be deemed given when delivered personally, by telex or facsimile transmission or when received if mailed by first class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. Notices to the Company or the Grantee shall be addressed as set forth underneath their signatures below, or to such other address or addresses as may have been furnished by such party in writing to the other.   (i)             Benefit and Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective successors, assigns, and legal representatives. The Company has the right to assign this Agreement, and such assignee shall become entitled to all the rights of the Company hereunder to the extent of such assignment.   (j)             Counterparts . For the convenience of the parties and to facilitate execution, this Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same document.   (k)            Integration . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Award and supersedes all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter.   6.             Waiver of Statutory Information Rights . The Grantee understands and agrees that, but for the waiver made herein, the Grantee would be entitled, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, to inspect for any proper purpose, and to make copies and extracts from, the Company’s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and the books and records of subsidiaries of the Company, if any, under the circumstances and in the manner provided in Section 220 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (any and all such rights, and any and all such other rights of the Grantee as may be provided for in Section 220, the “ Inspection Rights ”). In light of the foregoing, until the first sale of Stock of the Company to the general public pursuant to a registration statement filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act, the Grantee hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the Inspection Rights, whether such Inspection Rights would be exercised or pursued directly or indirectly pursuant to Section 220 or otherwise, and covenants and agrees never to directly or indirectly commence, voluntarily aid in any way, prosecute, assign, transfer, or cause to be commenced any claim, action, cause of action, or other proceeding to pursue or exercise the Inspection Rights. The foregoing waiver shall not affect any rights of a director, in his or her capacity as such, under Section 220. The foregoing waiver shall not apply to any contractual inspection rights of the Grantee under any other written agreement between the Grantee and the Company.   [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]         The foregoing Restricted Stock Agreement is hereby accepted and the terms and conditions thereof are hereby agreed to by the undersigned as of the date of purchase of Shares above written.     Monogram Orthopaedics Inc.         By: /s/ Douglas Unis     Name: Douglas Unis     Title:   Founder & CMO         Address:       53 Bridge Street, Unit 507   Brooklyn, NY 11201   The undersigned hereby acknowledges receiving and reviewing a copy of the Plan, including, without limitation, Section 9 thereof and understands that the Shares granted hereby are subject to the terms of the Plan and of this Agreement. This Agreement is hereby accepted, and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Award Notice and this Agreement, SPECIFICALLY INCLUDING THE WAIVER OF STATUTORY INFORMATION RIGHTS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6 OF THIS AGREEMENT, are hereby agreed to, by the undersigned as of the date first above written.     GRANTEE:         /s/ Benjamin Sexson   Name:    Benjamin Sexson         Address:       22655 Napoli   Laguna Hills, CA 92653     SPOUSE’S CONSENT       I acknowledge that I have read the foregoing Restricted Stock Agreement and understand the contents thereof.       /s/ Meoletta Daskalakis