EX-10.4 5 ex10-4.htm CONVERTIBLE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT ex10-4.htm Exhibit 10.4   COIN OUTLET, INC.   CONVERTIBLE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT   _______________   -1-   COIN OUTLET, INC.   CONVERTIBLE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT   This Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is made as of Bitcoin Shop Inc., a Nevada corporation by and between Coin Outlet, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), and each of the purchasers listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (each a “ Purchaser ” and together the “ Purchasers ”).   RECITALS   The Company desires to issue and sell and each Purchaser desires to purchase, a convertible promissory note in substantially the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B (the “ Note ”) which shall be convertible on the terms stated therein into equity securities of the Company.  The Notes and the equity securities issuable upon conversion thereof (and the securities issuable upon conversion   of such equity securities) are collectively referred to herein as the “ Securities .”  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meaning given them in the Note.   AGREEMENT   In consideration of the premises, the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:   1.             Purchase and Sale of Notes .   (a)             Sale and Issuance of Notes .   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Purchaser agrees to purchase at the Initial Closing (as defined below) and the Company agrees to sell and issue to each Purchaser (i) a Note in the principal amount set forth opposite such Purchaser’s name on Exhibit A .  The purchase price of each Note shall be equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Note.  The Company’s agreements with each of the Purchasers are separate agreements, and the sales of the Notes to each of the Purchasers are separate sales.   (b)             Closing; Delivery .   (i)            The   purchase and sale of the Notes shall take place at the offices of Perkins Coie LLP, 3150 Porter Drive, Palo Alto, California, at 10:00 a.m., on January, 19 2015, or at such other time and place as the Company and the Purchasers mutually agree upon, orally or in writing (which time and place are designated as the “ Initial Closing ”).  In the event there is more than one closing, the term “Closing” shall apply to each such closing, unless otherwise specified herein.   (ii)            At each Closing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser the Note to be purchased by such Purchaser against (1) payment of the purchase price therefor by check payable to the Company or by wire transfer to a bank designated by the Company, (2) delivery of counterpart signature pages to this Agreement and the Note, and (3) delivery of a validly completed and executed IRS Form W-8 BEN or IRS Form W-9, as applicable, establishing such Purchaser’s exemption from withholding tax, which forms are attached to this Agreement as Exhibit C .   (iii)            Until the earlier of (A) such time as the aggregate amount of principal indebtedness evidenced by the Notes equals a total of $500,000, or (B) the date three hundred sixty (360) days from the date hereof, the Company may sell additional Notes to such persons or entities as determined by the Company, or to any Purchaser who desires to acquire additional Notes.  All such sales shall be made on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.  For purposes of this Agreement, and all other agreements contemplated hereby, any additional purchaser so acquiring Notes shall be deemed to be a “Purchaser” for purposes of this Agreement, and any notes so acquired such by additional purchaser shall be deemed to be “Notes” and “Securities” as applicable.     -2-     2.             Stock Purchase Agreement .   Each Purchaser understands and agrees that the conversion of the Notes into equity securities of the Company will require such Purchaser’s execution of certain agreements relating to the purchase and sale of such securities as well as any rights relating to such equity securities.   3.             Representations and Warranties of the Company .   The Company hereby represents and warrants to each Purchaser that:   (a)             Organization, Good Standing and Qualification .   The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted.  The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure so to qualify would have a material adverse effect on its business or properties.   (b)             Authorization .   All corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the authorization, sale, issuance and delivery of the Notes, the shares of the Company’s capital stock issuable on conversion thereof, and the performance of all obligations of the Company hereunder has been taken or will be taken prior to the Initial Closing, except that the Company has not obtained the necessary corporate approval for the authorization of any shares of Next Equity Securities.   The Agreement and the Notes, when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, and as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.   (c)             Capitalization .   The authorized capital stock of the Company consists, or will consist, immediately prior to the Initial Closing, of:   (i)            15,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 10,000,000 shares of which are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Initial Closing.  All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized, are fully paid and nonassessable and were issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.   (ii)            The Company has reserved 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance to officers, directors, employees and consultants of the Company pursuant to its 2014 Stock Plan duly adopted by the Board of Directors and approved by the Company’s holders of outstanding voting stock (the “ Stock Plan ”).  Of such reserved shares of Common Stock, no shares have been issued pursuant to restricted stock purchase agreements, no options have been granted, and 0 shares of Common Stock remain available for issuance to officers, directors, employees and consultants pursuant to the Stock Plan.   (iii)            Except for conversion privileges of the Notes, there are no outstanding options,  rights (including conversion or preemptive rights and rights of first refusal or similar rights) or agreements, orally or in writing, for the purchase or acquisition from the Company of any shares of its capital stock.   4.             Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers .   Each Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company that:   (a)             Authorization .   Such Purchaser has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement.  This Agreement,  when executed and delivered by the Purchaser, will constitute a valid and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, and any other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, and as limited by laws relating to the availability of a specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.   -3-     (b)             Purchase Entirely for Own Account .   This Agreement is made with the Purchaser in reliance upon the Purchaser’s representation to the Company, which by the Purchaser’s execution of this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby confirms, that the Securities to be acquired by the Purchaser will be acquired for investment for the Purchaser’s own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same.  By executing this Agreement, the Purchaser further represents that the Purchaser does not presently have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the Securities.  The Purchaser either has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Securities, or each beneficial owner of equity securities of or equity interests in the Purchaser is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.   (c)             Knowledge .   The Purchaser is aware of the Company’s business affairs and financial condition and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Securities.   (d)             Restricted Securities .   The Purchaser understands that the Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act which depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of the Purchaser’s representations as expressed herein.  The Purchaser understands that the Securities are “restricted securities” under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and that, pursuant to these laws, the Purchaser must hold the   Securities   indefinitely unless they are registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and qualified by state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements is available.  The Purchaser acknowledges that the Company has no obligation to register or qualify the Securities for resale.  The Purchaser further acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or qualification is available, it may be conditioned on various requirements including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period for the Securities, and on requirements relating to the Company which are outside of the Purchaser’s control, and which the Company is under no obligation and may not be able to satisfy.   (e)             No Public Market .   The Purchaser understands that no public market now exists for any of the securities issued by the Company, that the Company has made no assurances that a public market will ever exist for the Securities.   (f)             Legends .   The Purchaser understands that the Securities, and any securities issued in respect thereof or exchange therefor, may bear one or all of the following legends:   (i)            “THE SECURITIES REFERENCED HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF.  NO SUCH SALE OR DISTRIBUTION MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.”   (ii)            Any legend required by the securities laws of any state to the extent such laws are applicable to the Securities or any securities issued in respect thereof or exchange therefor.   (g)             Accredited Investor .   The Purchaser is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.     -4-     (h)             Lock-up Agreement .   (i)             Lock-up Period; Agreement .   If so requested by the Company or the underwriters in connection with the initial public offering of the Company’s securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Purchaser shall not sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any securities of the Company however or whenever acquired (except for those being registered) without the prior written consent of the Company or such underwriters, as the case may be, for 180 days from the effective date of the registration statement, plus such additional period, to the extent required by FINRA rules, up to a maximum of 216 days from the effective date of the registration statement, and Purchaser shall execute an agreement reflecting the foregoing as may be requested by the underwriters at the time of such offering.   (ii)             Limitations .   The obligations described in Section 4(h)(i) shall apply only if all officers and directors are subject to similar restrictions and the Company uses commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a similar agreement from all 10% securityholders of the Company, and shall not apply to a registration relating solely to employee benefit plans, or to a registration relating solely to a transaction pursuant to Rule 145 under the Securities Act.   (iii)             Stop-Transfer Instructions .   In order to enforce the foregoing covenants, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the securities of each Purchaser (and the securities of every other person subject to the restrictions in Section 4(h)(i)).   (iv)             Transferees Bound .   Each Purchaser agrees that   prior to the Company’s initial public offering it will not transfer securities of the Company unless each transferee agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions of this Section 4(h) and to be subject to the waiver of statutory inspection rights in Section 9.   (i)             Foreign Investors .   If a Purchaser is not a United States person (as defined by Rule 902(k) under the Securities Act), such Purchaser hereby represents that it has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Securities or any use of this Agreement, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Securities, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of the Securities.  Such Purchaser’s subscription and payment for, and his or her continued beneficial ownership of the Securities, will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of Purchaser’s jurisdiction.  Such Purchaser also hereby represents that such Purchaser is not a “10-percent shareholder” as defined in Section 871(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.   5.             Conditions of the Purchasers’ Obligations at Closing .   The obligations of each Purchaser to the Company under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions, unless otherwise waived:   (a)             Representations and Warranties .   The representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 3 shall be true on and as of the Closing with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of the Closing.   (b)             Qualifications .   All authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of any governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States or of any state that are required in connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be obtained and effective as of the Closing.   6.             Conditions of the Company’s Obligations at Closing .   The obligations of the Company to each Purchaser under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions, unless otherwise waived:     -5-     (a)             Representations and Warranties .   The representations and warranties of each Purchaser contained in Section 4 shall be true on and as of the Closing with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the Closing.   (b)             Qualifications .   All authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of any governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States or of any state that are required in connection with the lawful issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be obtained and effective as of the Closing.   (c)             Delivery of Form W-8 BEN or Form W-9 .   Each Purchaser shall have completed and delivered to the Company a validly executed IRS Form W-8 BEN or IRS Form W-9, as applicable, establishing such Purchaser’s exemption from withholding tax.   7.             Finder’s Fee .   Each party represents that it neither is nor will be obligated for any finder’s fee or commission in connection with this transaction.  Each Purchaser agrees to indemnify and to hold harmless the Company from any liability for any commission or compensation in the nature of a finder’s fee (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which each Purchaser or any of its officers, employees, or representatives is responsible.  The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Purchaser from any liability for any commission or compensation in the nature of a finder’s fee (and the costs and expenses of defending against such liability or asserted liability) for which the Company or any of its officers, employees or representatives is responsible.   8.             Exculpation Among Purchasers .   Each Purchaser acknowledges that it is not relying upon any person, firm or corporation, other than the Company and its officers and directors, in making its investment or decision to invest in the Company.  Each Purchaser agrees that no Purchaser nor the respective controlling persons, officers, directors, partners, agents, or employees of any Purchaser shall be liable for any action heretofore or hereafter taken or omitted to be taken by any of them in connection with the Securities.   9.             Waiver of Statutory Information Rights .   Purchaser acknowledges and understands that, but for the waiver made herein, Purchaser would be entitled, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, to inspect for any proper purpose, and to make copies and extracts from, the Company’s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and the books and records of subsidiaries of the Company, if any, under the circumstances and in the manner provided in Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (any and all such rights, and any and all such other rights of Purchaser as may be provided for in Section 220, the “ Inspection Rights ”).  In light of the foregoing, until the first sale of Common Stock of the Company to the general public pursuant to a registration statement filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Purchaser hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives the Inspection Rights, whether such Inspection Rights would be exercised or pursued directly or indirectly pursuant to Section 220 or otherwise, and covenants and agrees never to directly or indirectly commence, voluntarily aid in any way, prosecute, assign, transfer, or cause to be commenced any claim, action, cause of action, or other proceeding to pursue or exercise the Inspection Rights.  The foregoing waiver applies to the Inspection Rights of Purchaser in Purchaser’s capacity as a stockholder and shall not affect any rights of a director, in his or her capacity as such, under Section 220.  The foregoing waiver shall not apply to any contractual inspection rights of Purchaser under any written agreement with the Company.   10.             Miscellaneous .   (a)             Governing Law .   The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement, and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.   (b)             Entire Agreement .   This Agreement, and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and any and all other written or oral agreements existing between the parties hereto are expressly canceled.   -6-     (c)             Amendments and Waivers .   Any term of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the written consent of the Company and the holders of at least a majority in interest of the Notes.  Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 10(c) shall be binding upon each Purchaser and each transferee of the Securities, each future holder of all such Securities, and the Company.   (d)             Successors and Assigns .   Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder, will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives.  The Company may assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement.  No other party to this Agreement may assign, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, except with the prior written consent of the Company.   (e)             Notices .   Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or by overnight courier or sent by email, or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address as set forth on the signature page, as subsequently modified by written notice, or if no address is specified on the signature page, at the most recent address set forth in the Company’s books and records.   (f)             Severability .   If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be   unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith.  In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.   (g)             Construction .   This Agreement is the result of negotiations between and has been reviewed by each of the parties hereto and their respective counsel, if any; accordingly, this Agreement shall be deemed to be the product of all of the parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor of or against any one of the parties hereto.   (h)             Counterparts .   This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, either manually or electronically, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.   (i)             Waiver of Conflicts .   Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that Perkins Coie LLP, counsel for the Company, has in the past performed and may continue to perform legal services for certain of the Purchasers in matters unrelated to the transactions described in this Agreement, including the representation of such Purchasers in venture capital financings and other matters.  Accordingly, each party to this Agreement hereby (a) acknowledges that they have had an opportunity to ask for information relevant to this disclosure; and (b) gives its informed consent to Perkins Coie LLP’s representation of certain of the Purchasers in such unrelated matters and to Perkins Coie LLP’s representation of the Company in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.     [Signature Pages Follow]   -7-       The parties have executed this Convertible Note Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.   THE COMPANY:   COIN OUTLET, INC.     By:                                                                   Eric Grill Chief Executive Officer   Address:   3 Sunrise Drive Lititz, Pennsylvania  17543     THE PURCHASERS:   BITCOIN SHOP INC.                                                                 (PRINT NAME)     By:                                                                 (Signature)   Name:Charles Allen                                                                 Title:Chief Executive Officer                                                                   Address: 1901 North Fort Myer Drive, Suite #1105 Arlington, VA  22209 -8-